mydlink™
Wi-Fi Smart Motion Sensor | D-Link
>
> Wi-Fi Motion Sensor
Wi-Fi Motion Sensor
DCH-S150
Share
Make your home react to motion.
Meet the Wi-Fi Motion Sensor. It lets you know when motion is detected at home. Pair it with Wi-Fi Smart Plugs to do amazing things around your home.
When Something’s Moving, You’ll Know
Get push notifications on your smartphone when motion is detected at home. But it’s what you can do next that’s really exciting.
Devices That React to You? That’s Homeazing
Imagine opening your door after a night out. The lights turn on and your favorite song begins to play. Magic? Nope. When you pair your Wi-Fi Motion Sensor with a Wi-Fi Smart Plug, your home reacts to you in amazing ways.
Your Home in Your Hand
Something moving at home? It’s probably just the dog or the delivery man but you shouldn’t have to wonder. Your Wi-Fi Motion Sensor works with your Wi-Fi Camera so that whenever motion is detected, you can view what’s happening right on your smartphone.
How It Works
Plug in your Wi-Fi Motion Sensor
Press the WPS button to connect to your home network
Know what's happening at home
Works With What You Have
Easily connects with your existing Wi-Fi network.
One language, a world of possibilities.
With IFTTT (If This Then That) support, it's easy to pair your devices with other IFTTT-enabled products and apps to customize your smart home. Use IFTTT recipes to automatically turn your lights at sunrise, or receive a phone call if a leak is detected in your home. The possibilities of IFTTT are endless -- how will you use it?
The Possibilities Are Endless
Add Wi-Fi Smart Plugs to other rooms, your work place, or a vacation home.
Wi-Fi
Sensor
PIR Motion Sensor
Sensor Distance
26-feet
General
Device Interfaces
• Wireless 802.11 b/g/n
• WPS button
• Reset button
LED
• Power/Status
Standards
• IEEE 802.11n
PIR Sensor
• 26 feet detection range
Wireless Frequency Range
• 2.4 GHz to 2.4835 GHz
Antennas
• Two internal antennas
Plug Type
• Region dependent
Functionality
Security
• Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA/WPA2) • Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS)
Advanced Features
• mydlink Home app support
Device Management
• mydlink myHome app
APP Minimum Requirements
• Available for iOS and Android Mobile Devices
• iPhone/iPad: iOS 6 or Above
• Android: 4.0 or Above
• Free APP
• No Monthly Fees
Physical
Dimensions
• 2.28 x 2.13 x 1.71 inches
Weight
• .018lbs
Power
• Input: 110 to 125 V AC, 50/60 Hz
Temperature
• Operating: 0 to 40 °C (32 to 104 °F) • Storage: -20 to 65 °C (-4 to 149 °F)
Humidity
• Operating: 10% to 90% non-condensing • Storage: 5% to 95% non-condensing
Certifications
• FCC • UL
Meet the mydlink® Wi-Fi Motion Sensor
The D-Link Connected Home
Related Products
Easy Pairing – Connect with mydlink smart plugs and cameras to turn on/off devices or start video recording
Be Informed – Receive push notifications via an iOS and Android mobile app
Network connectivity – Connects to existing network with 2.4GHz Wi-Fi
Quick Setup – One button setup (WPS)
Get the Wi-Fi Motion Sensor
Awards & Reviews
Tweaktown
Wi-Fi Motion Sensor wins 'Must Have - Best Features' award and score a 90% rating!
Security Sales & Integration
Wi-Fi Motion Sensor named Product of the Month!
Gadget Review
“Bottom line: Both the Wi-Fi Smart Plug and the Wi-Fi Motion Sensor have their place in today’s connected home. But besides being simple to operate, they’re priced for true affordability.”
Quick Links
Quickly access parts of the D-Link site.
Products
Support
D-Link Campaigns
About D-Link
Where To Buy
The D-Link Newsletter
We won't share your details. Have a look at our
D-Link around the web
Copyright © 2019 D-Link Systems, Inc.