Hive Motion Sensor - Smart Motion Sensor | Hive Home
By continuing to use this site you agree to our
Hive Motion SensorKnow what’s happening at home with notifications sent straight to your smartphone.
Know what’s happening at home with notifications sent straight to your smartphone.
Always in the know with notifications
The Hive Motion sensor detects movement around your home and sends alerts to your smartphone, so you can relax when you’re not there.
Get in on the action
Link your Hive Motion Sensor to your Hive products so you can do things like turn on your lights and thermostat by just getting out of bed or walking into a room.
Set when you want to be notified
Set up to six notification time slots per day so you’re not disturbed when you don’t want to be. Then when you’re home, turn notifications off with a tap of the Hive app.
Go back in time
You can see when the sensor has detected motion over the last seven days.
Easy to install
The Hive Motion Sensor is designed to fit perfectly into a corner of your room or on any wall. Pair it with the Hive Hub, add it to the Hive app and you’re all set.
Kids home early from school?
The Hive Motion Sensor will notify you so you can check they’re home and starting their homework on time.
See in the dark
With Hive Actions, set your Hive Motion Sensor to trigger your Hive Lights and find your way to the bathroom without bumping into the wall.
Body on the beach, mind on the moments that matter
Going away? If your Hive Motion Sensor detects movement at home it sends a notification to your smartphone. So you can check and get a neighbour to check it out if you need to.
Easy to install
The Hive Motion Sensor is designed to fit perfectly into a corner of your room or on any wall. Pair it with the Hive Hub, add it to the Hive app and you’re all set.
Kids home early from school?
The Hive Motion Sensor will notify you so you can check they’re home and starting their homework on time.
See in the dark
With Hive Actions, set your Hive Motion Sensor to trigger your Hive Lights and find your way to the bathroom without bumping into the wall.
Body on the beach, mind on the moments that matter
Going away? If your Hive Motion Sensor detects movement at home it sends a notification to your smartphone. So you can check and get a neighbour to check it out if you need to.
Thermostat
At night
View
Sunset
Hub
Sensor
Window & Door sensor
Lights
Plug
Bring your home to life
Hive products work brilliantly on their own, but they’re even better when they work together to get your home working seamlessly around you.
More ways to know what’s happening in your home
Hive Motion Sensor
Close
Hive
News
Legal
Sign up to receive news and updates
One moment...
By submitting your email, you agree to receive our newsletter containing news, updates and promotions about Hive products and services. You can withdraw your consent at any time.
Please refer to our
or
for more details.
{{message}}
© 2019 Centrica Hive Limited (trading as Hive). Registered in England (No. 5782908). Registered office: Millstream, Maidenhead Road, Windsor, Berkshire SL4 5GD. All rights reserved.
Dev Tools
Debug UI Widgets
Include tracking scripts
AB tests
AB.ctaChooseAndCustomiseText
AB.floatingBasket
AB.supportPages
Environments
Close
British Gas customers can get
exclusive discounts on Hive products
British Gas customers can get
exclusive discounts on Hive products
Visit British Gas to find out more.