Hive Window or Door Sensor | Hive Home
By continuing to use this site you agree to our
Hive Window or Door SensorRelax. Our Window or Door Sensor lets you know everything’s okay back home so you can take it easy wherever you are.
Relax. Our Window or Door Sensor lets you know everything’s okay back home so you can take it easy wherever you are.
Peace of mind from the palm of your hand
You'll know instantly if there's movement at home, or if a window or door opens or closes. And by pairing your sensor with other Hive products, you can also make your home come to life around you.
Know when someone’s home
When you’re away, the Hive Window or Door Sensor will send you a notification if it detects a window or door opening. Perfect for checking if the kids are home.
Worry less
If you’re worried about leaving a window or door open, check in an instant with a tap of the app.
Go back in time
You can see when the sensor has detected motion over the last seven days.
Easy to set up
The Hive Window or Door Sensor is designed to fit easily on your door or window. Pair it with the Hive Hub, add it to the Hive app and you’re all set.
In on the Action
Want the hallway to light up when you walk through the door? Just link a sensor with a Hive Light or Hive Plug and hey presto!
See in the dark
With Hive Actions, set your Hive Window or Door sensor to trigger your Hive Active Light and find your way to the bathroom without bumping into the wall.
Easy to set up
The Hive Window or Door Sensor is designed to fit easily on your door or window. Pair it with the Hive Hub, add it to the Hive app and you’re all set.
In on the Action
Want the hallway to light up when you walk through the door? Just link a sensor with a Hive Light or Hive Plug and hey presto!
See in the dark
With Hive Actions, set your Hive Window or Door sensor to trigger your Hive Active Light and find your way to the bathroom without bumping into the wall.
Thermostat
At night
View
Sunset
Hub
Sensor
Window & Door sensor
Lights
Plug
Bring your home to life
Hive products work brilliantly on their own, but they're even better when they work together to get your home working seamlessly around you.
More ways to know what’s happening in your home
Hive Window or Door Sensor
Close
Hive
News
Legal
Sign up to receive news and updates
One moment...
By submitting your email, you agree to receive our newsletter containing news, updates and promotions about Hive products and services. You can withdraw your consent at any time.
Please refer to our
or
for more details.
{{message}}
© 2019 Centrica Hive Limited (trading as Hive). Registered in England (No. 5782908). Registered office: Millstream, Maidenhead Road, Windsor, Berkshire SL4 5GD. All rights reserved.
Dev Tools
Debug UI Widgets
Include tracking scripts
AB tests
AB.ctaChooseAndCustomiseText
AB.floatingBasket
AB.supportPages
Environments
Close
British Gas customers can get
exclusive discounts on Hive products
British Gas customers can get
exclusive discounts on Hive products
Visit British Gas to find out more.