Shenzhen Wansview Technology CO., Ltd
1080P Q3S
1080P Security Camera Wireless IP Surveillance Indoor Camera
1. Easy setup and operation
2. Suitable for monitoring of baby, elderly and your lovely pet
3. Talk to your lovers whenever you want
4. Remotely check what is happening anytime and anywhere
Color：
Highlights
With 1080p HD resolution, f/2.8 aperture and 65-degree viewing angle, the camera provides complete coverage in full high definition. Download the Wansview App, PC/Mac client and view more camera feeds on one screen, it will keep track of what's going on in every room.
Never worry about the connection, which is simpler. This camera not only supports wifi, but also the network cable (included), which supplies a more stable and faster transmission.
This security camera supports max 128GB micro SD card(Not included). All the important video or image can be saved in the SD card; Capture special moments, and share with friends and family.
Excellent quality of two way audio, you can talk with your lovers via Wansview App or our Wansview PC client software.
Product Description
1080P Security Camera Wireless IP Surveillance Indoor Camera Q3S :
Vivid 1080P full HD video:
You can see crystal clear images with this full HD camera.
Listen and talk to your home:
With two-way audio function, you can hear and talk to your baby and family members at any time.
Stunning night vision:
Night vision up to 20ft in the dark. Never miss out on any moment even at night.
Wider Vision & Multi-view:
With 1080p HD resolution, f/2.8 aperture and 65 degree viewing angle , the camera provides complete coverage in full high definition. Download the Wansview App, PC/Mac client and view more camera feeds on one screen, it will keep track of what's going on in every room.
Wider view angle:
Pan and tilt function with  horizontal 350 degree and vertical 76 degree and 4x digital zoom keep an eye on the bigger space, you can set preset location for your reference. On mobile App, please use your two fingers to zoom in and out picture while you viewing the live video.
Take lots of cute photos & videos:
Wireless camera supports 4 devices to view at the same time using wansview app on iPhone/android phone, PC and tablet. Capture special moments, and share with friends and family.
Micro SD card storage:
This security camera supports max 128GB micro SD card(Not included).
Multiple Devices:
Wansview app supports to watch 4 cameras at the same time;  Users can use iPhone/Android smartphone, tablet, Windows PC/MAC to view the camera through PC software and Web browser (IE, Chrome, Firefox) are supported
Notice:
1: Wansview camera can only be connected with 2.4G WiFi, 5G is not supported.
2: The camera should be powered by 5V 1A Micro USB power supply, it is not a battery-powered camera.
Package List
1 x Wansview ip camera
1 x AC adapter (with 8 feet Micro USB power cable)
1 x English Quick Installation Guide
Mounting bracket and accessories
Specs
Clear 1080p HD
Pan and Tilt and Digital Zoom
Night Vision
Two Way Audio
Multiple Device View
Perfect compatibility
SD Card Storage
Only the cameras that support Ethernet cable can set up WiFi directly via PC software, such as Q3/Q3S/W2/W3.
The setup process :
1. Please power on the camera and hardwired the camera to router with an Ethernet cable.
2.Download and install our Wansview PC software --- tap + icon --- click “P2P” and “search” --- you’ll see your camera, please click it --- input the default password “123456” --- tap “add”.
Note: Please make sure the computer is in the LAN network with the camera.
3. Now the camera will show “connected” and you can watch the live video. Please right-click camera --- Advanced setting --- WiFi setting --- enable WiFi and set up 2.4G WiFi for camera.
Once it shows “WiFi set success”, you can unplug the Ethernet cable from the camera and move it to somewhere else.
No. All Wansview cameras can only be powered on by the specified power supply.
This way is suitable for Q3S/Q3/K2/K3.
Download App
Please follow these steps to set up WiFi:
1. Please make sure the camera is in the same room, close to the router, before performing the setup.
Note: You can relocate into where you want after it is all set up. You just unplug it and move it to the new location and plug it in, the camera will connect to your WiFi automatically,no need to set it up again. But please make sure the new location will not be far from your router.
2. Connect the power adapter to the camera and plug into power outlet
3. Connect your mobile phone with 2.4G WiFi.(5G is not supported for the camera)
If you are using a dual band router, make sure your 2.4G WiFi name is different from your 5G one.
4. Add camera to the Wansview App:
1) Select[Add IP Camera] and tap  + to add camera
2) Select [Add camera via WiFi mode]
3) Scan the QR code on the back of the camera.
Note: The QR code is on the bottom/back of the camera, not on the box.
4) Hold “Reset” button about 3-5 seconds until you see the blue lights is on (suitable for K3 and Q3S),
then tap [Blue lights has slowly flashed]
5) Name the camera, then [Next]
Please keep the default username of admin and password of 123456 here. You could change the username and password after the camera is set up from Advanced Settings-User Settings.
6) Input your WiFi password correctly and click on [Connect to WiFi]
Note: The password and wifi name should exclude ‘ and & symbols.
The wifi password should not exceed 31characters
7) (Only for K3/Q3S )Use the camera to scan the QR code, click on [Blue light has quickly flashed] when
the blue light flashes quickly
8) When the camera receives WiFi signal, it will sound 2 beeps
9) You should see it says online. Congratulations! Your camera is all set up. Click on the image to enjoy viewing and controlling it now.
Here is a video for your reference:
Wansview cameras (K3 ):7 steps add and set up via wifi mode easily (2018)
https://youtu.be/5DlZt5mB3Fs
Wansview cameras (Q3S): 7 steps add and set up via wifi mode easily (2018)
This way is suitable for W2/W3/Q3/Q3S/Q1/Q2/K1
Download App
Please follow these steps to set up WiFi:
1. Connect antenna to the back of the camera (for outdoor camera W2/W3)
2. Connect the power adapter to the camera and plug into power outlet
3. Connect the camera to your router with ethernet cable
4: Add camera to the Wansview App:
1) Select[Add IP Camera] and tap + to add camera
2) Select[Add Cameras via Wired Method]
3) Tap [Next] if the camera is connected with power supply and ethernet cable.
4) Scan the QR code on the bottom/back of the camera.
Note: The QR code is on the bottom of the camera, not on the box.
5) Name the camera, then [Next]
Please keep the default username of admin and password of 123456 here. You could change the username and password after the camera is set up from Advanced Settings-User Settings.
6) "Connect Success" will appear, to Set up WiFi, Please Tap [OK], the Wansview app will search out the surrounding wifi of your camera.
7) Select your home 2.4G WiFi.
8) Input WiFi password correctly, then [Next].
Note: The password and wifi name should exclude ‘ and & symbols.
The wifi password should not exceed 31characters
9) "Set WiFi success" appears, you should see it says online. Congratulations! Your camera is all set up, you could unplug the Ethernet cable and use WiFi to view the camera. Click on the image to enjoy viewing and controlling it now.
1. For indoor camera
1)  For Wansview indoor camera such as K2/Q3, before WiFi configuration, please check if you configure WiFi to the camera within 5 mins after powering up the camera; otherwise, the blue light will disappear and we should reboot the camera and have a try again.
2) For Wansview indoor camera such as K3/Q3S(RA), we should push the reset button for about 3-5 seconds to make the blue light work first.
3)Please check if you input the wrong WiFi password during the WiFi configuration, if yes, the blue indicator will disappear. Then we need to reset the camera to factory default by pushing the "Reset" button for about 15-20 seconds and re-configure WiFi to the camera again by using the correct WiFi password.
2. For Wansview outdoor camera such as W2/W3 camera, there is no blue light on camera.