Motion Sensor Mini – Monitor room activity
Motion Sensor Mini
A compact solution for detecting occupancy, light, and temperature.
Product description
Technical specifications
Downloads
Product description
Motion Sensor Mini
A compact solution for monitoring room activity
Whether you are a solution provider of IoT products within smart home, smart energy, healthcare or building management, Motion Sensor Mini from Develco Products can provide your customers with convenience and security.
The wireless Motion Sensor Mini is a compact motion sensor that allows your customers to detect occupancy, light, and temperature with only one device. The product includes an occupancy sensor, a light sensor, an alarm sensor, a temperature sensor, and a tamper switch. The provided mounting screws can be used to mount the Motion Sensor Mini in the corner or flat on the wall or ceiling. Alternatively, the user can use the included stand to place the Motion Sensor Mini on a table or shelf.
Key features
Occupancy sensor
Alarm sensor
Light sensor
Temperature sensor
Zigbee Home Automation certified
Detection of occupancy, light, and temperature
With the wireless Motion Sensor Mini, your customers will be able to set the light to turn on and off as people enter and leave the room. In addition, the temperature detector can be set to trigger smart thermostats or portable heaters.
The occupancy sensor is PIR based and able to sense movement up to 9 meters away from the sensor. The sensor includes two logical outputs, one for occupancy with high sensitivity and one for alarm with a lower sensitivity.
The Motion Sensor Mini communicates over the wireless protocol Zigbee, ensuring compatibility with other Zigbee certified products and enabling integration with Zigbee based systems for , , , or .
Technical specifications
Technical specifications
General
Dimensions: 70 x 70 x 21 mm
Color: White
Power supply
Battery: 2 x AA, exchangeable
Battery life: 3 years, reporting every 2 minutes
Battery level and low battery warning can be reported
Environment
Operation temperature 0 to +50°C
IP class: IP30
Relative humidity 5% - 85%, non condensing
Radio features
Sensitivity: -92 dBm
Output power: +3 dBm
Specifications occupancy & alarm sensor
Sensitivity range: 9 m
View angle: 45° up/down, left/right
Off-time: configurable 2 s - 65,000 s
Two trigger levels: one for occupancy and one for alarm
Specifications light sensor
Resolution: dark, light, bright
Sample time: config.: 2 s -65,000 s
Reporting: configurable
Specifications temperature sensor
Range: 0 to +50°C
Resolution: 0.1°C (accuracy ± 0.5°C)
Sample time: config.: 2 s -65,000 s
Reporting: configurable
Certifications
Conforming to CE, RoHS and REACH directives
Zigbee Home Automation 1.2 certified
Downloads
Downloads
Any questions, ask our sales department
Related products
Starter Kit
Smart home in a box. The ultimate product platform to get started with your new wireless solution. The same products, but different possibilities of usage.
Smoke Alarm
Optical smoke and temperature monitoring for optimal fire detection
Window Sensor
Wireless magnetic sensor detecting exits and entrances of your house
Water Leak Detector
Leakage and temperature monitoring for optimal safety
Intuitive, easy-to-use products that literally just plug into the wall are a great first step to help transform a dwelling into a Smart Home. Develco Products' ZigBee-based Squid.link Starter Kit, Smart Plug Mini and new Motion Sensors are non-intrusive, sophisticated offerings that give solution providers straightforward tools to help consumers live smarter, safer and be more energy efficient.
Mark Walters
Vice President of Strategic Development, ZigBee Alliance
Tangen 6DK - 8200 Aarhus
Phone: Mail:
Sign up to our newsletter
Sign up
When you visit develcoproducts.com, we use cookies to measure the traffic on the website. We use this information to improve our website. If you do not wish to accept cookies, you may set your browser to automatically reject cookies or to notify you whenever a website asks to store cookies. Use your browser's help function for more information.
Close