C by GE | Soft White Smart Light
Menu
Soft White LED Smart Bulbs give you more control of perfect everyday light.
Smart light. Smart life.
This Bluetooth-enabled, voice controlled* smart bulb has the optimal soft white light—with instant dimming and brightening, preset scenes, and more. Perfect for every room, all day.
Set Schedules
Set & Save the Perfect Scene
Control Away From Home**
Dim & Brighten
Control With Your Voice*
* Voice Assistant Required
** Requires pairing to a C-Reach smart bridge or a voice assistant
Voice and
out-of-home control with the Google Assistant
C by GE bulbs are made to work with your Google devices. So connect your Soft White Smart Bulbs right out of the box and enjoy out-of-home or voice control all from the Google Home app. No hub needed. Tomorrow’s armful of groceries thank you.
Voice and
out-of-home control with Amazon Alexa
Want to enjoy voice and out-of-home control? Pair Soft White Smart Bulbs with C-Reach and an Amazon Alexa product and link them to the C by GE and Alexa apps. Edison and Alexa, together at last.
Voice and out-of-home
control with HomeKit
By connecting Soft White Smart Bulbs with C-Reach and Apple HomeKit, you can enjoy voice control and out-of-home control via the C by GE app. And an A+ in smart lighting.
Smartphone control with the new C by GE App
Easily create any custom
scene you want
Set your lights to automatically turn on/off or dim/brighten at specific times of a day
Group your lights to control multiple bulbs at once
Soft White General Purpose 2-Pack
Get our soft white LED smart bulbs—perfect light for any room.
Soft White Voice Starter Kit - General Purpose
Buy this starter kit for voice and out-of-home control of your Soft White Bulbs.** When paired with a voice assistant
Soft White Indoor Floodlight 2-Pack
Extend your smart light with Soft White Indoor Floodlights for ceiling fixtures.
General Purpose
Smart light for everywhere else
Specifications Per Bulb
Brightness: 760 lumens
Actual Wattage Used: 9.5W
Replacement Wattage: 60W* *Provides nearly the same light output than a 60W incandescent bulb (760 lumens vs. 840 lumens)
Estimated Energy Cost Per Year: $1.14 (based on 3 hours use per day at 11c per kWh)
Rated Life: 13.7 years (at 3 hours per day use)
Light Appearance: 2700K Soft White
Bulb Type: A19
Base Type: Medium (E26)
Connectivity: Bluetooth
Compatible With: The Google Assistant using a Google Home device and Amazon Alexa and Apple HomeKit when paired with the C-Reach Smart Brid
Want voice and out-of-home control? You'll need an assistant.
C by GE bulbs are made for Google and work with your Google Home devices right out of the box. Download the Google Home app and control your Soft White bulbs from anywhere.
Pair Soft White Smart Bulbs with a C-Reach Smart Bridge, Smart Switch, or Smart Plug, then link them to an Amazon Alexa product.
Pair Soft White Smart Bulbs with a C-Reach Smart bridge, then link to Apple HomeKit.
Get smarter about Soft White Smart Bulbs.
for additional support.
"Amazing!! I will be getting more for other rooms. The bulbs work so well with my Alexa Sol"
AMAZON
Tyler
Learn more about light that does more
App available for download
Sign up to receive updates on exciting new C by GE products
Subscribe for all C by GE communications
Thank you!
App available for download
2019 © Copyright General Electric Company.C by GE, Soft White and Tunable White are trademarks of General Electric Company.
|
|
|
|
Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. The Bluetooth word mark is a registered trademark owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc., and any use of such mark by GE is under license.
Your Cart
Your cart is empty
Sign up to receive updates on exciting new C by GE products
Subscribe for all C by GE communications
Thank you for Joining!
Don't forget to check your email to complete your subscription.