Hive Active Light - Dimmable Warm White Smart Light Bulb | Hive Home
Your current browser is not fully supported. Please upgrade your browser by clicking .
By continuing to use this site you agree to our
Your basket is empty.
Close
Summer Sale is on now
Get up to 20% off select products and packs[1]
Hive Active Light Dimmable bulbsA dimmable warm smart light bulb you can control from anywhere.
A dimmable warm smart light bulb you can control from anywhere.
For bright starts and relaxed evenings
Down for Sunday night, up for Monday morning: set our dimmable smart bulb to the level you want with a tap of the Hive app.
Save energy, save money
Our long-lasting smart bulbs are rated A+ for energy efficiency, and by controlling them remotely you can make sure they're not left on.
Get the lighting just right from wherever you are
Manage your lighting via the Hive app on your phone, so it’s just how you like it, just when you need it.
Lighting how you like it
Personalise the lighting for every room and set schedules so your lights turn on and off automatically.
Set them up in seconds
Just replace your existing light bulbs with Hive Light bulbs and pair them with your Hive Hub. So you can spend more time doing the things you love.
Turn them off together
Group your Hive Lights so that you can control all of them together. With one tap on the app you can turn all your lights on or off in one go, from anywhere.
Make it look like you’re in when you’re out
Hive Lights are brilliant for giving you a little extra peace of mind while you're away. Make it seem like someone’s home by setting lighting schedules. Or with Mimic mode, get your lights to turn on and off in a varied pattern.
Set up Hive Actions
Hive Lights can also connect to other Hive devices like sensors through your Hive app. So your lights can turn on automatically when you walk through the front door.
Manage them with your voice
All Hive Lights work with both Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant so anyone can use their voice to turn all the lights on or off together. Perfect for when your hands are full and you can’t get to the Hive app.
Set them up in seconds
Just replace your existing light bulbs with Hive Light bulbs and pair them with your Hive Hub. So you can spend more time doing the things you love.
Turn them off together
Group your Hive Lights so that you can control all of them together. With one tap on the app you can turn all your lights on or off in one go, from anywhere.
Make it look like you’re in when you’re out
Hive Lights are brilliant for giving you a little extra peace of mind while you're away. Make it seem like someone’s home by setting lighting schedules. Or with Mimic mode, get your lights to turn on and off in a varied pattern.
Set up Hive Actions
Hive Lights can also connect to other Hive devices like sensors through your Hive app. So your lights can turn on automatically when you walk through the front door.
Manage them with your voice
All Hive Lights work with both Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant so anyone can use their voice to turn all the lights on or off together. Perfect for when your hands are full and you can’t get to the Hive app.
Thermostat
At night
View
Sunset
Hub
Sensor
Window & Door sensor
Lights
Plug
Bring your home to life
Hive products work brilliantly on their own, but they're even better when they work together to get your home working seamlessly around you.
Choose a Hive light for every occasion
Hive Light Dimmable
Close
[1] Offer applies to all Hive products excluding Hive Radiator Valve, Hive View Cameras and Hive Link. Offer cannot be used on pre-existing orders or in conjunction with any other offer. Offer ends 30th June 2019. Terms apply - see
Hive
News
Legal
Sign up to receive news and updates
One moment...
By submitting your email, you agree to receive our newsletter containing news, updates and promotions about Hive products and services. You can withdraw your consent at any time.
Please refer to our
or
for more details.
{{message}}
© 2019 Centrica Hive Limited (trading as Hive). Registered in England (No. 5782908). Registered office: Millstream, Maidenhead Road, Windsor, Berkshire SL4 5GD. All rights reserved.
Dev Tools
Debug UI Widgets
Include tracking scripts
AB tests
AB.hiveViewOverviewRedesign
AB.newExistingCustomerLandingPage
AB.otherSmartProductsTotalsDesktop
AB.trustpilotTrustboxOverviewSubmenu
AB.newLightsCategories
Environments
Close
British Gas customers can get
exclusive discounts on Hive products
Visit British Gas to find out more.