Activ5 Mobile Device Demo | How Activ5 Technology Works | Activ5
exercise anywhere
How Activ5 Works
Fitness that fits today’s lifestyles
Personalized
Activ5 is the next generation of fitness. Developed over 5 years with millions of dollars invested, Activ5’s proprietary technology creates a “Fitness Fingerprint” for every user, where no two Activ5 workout profiles are identical.
Activ5 will dynamically create more than 100 full body workouts for you based on isometric exercise. Activ5 personalizes every exercise to your unique strength level.
Don’t have an hour to hit the gym? Enjoy short burst seated & standing workouts at the office.
Easy & fun. Don’t let your kids have all the fun. Exercise to Activ5 games while on the sidelines.
Quantified
Activ5 measures and tracks your muscle force while coaching you through highly effective, no impact workouts.
Activ5 will present your individual workout performance and measure your progress over time. The average strength gain for Activ5 users is 30%*, as measured in a recent independent study.
Enjoy 5-10 minutes of quiet time yoga/pilates exercises at home or your hotel.
Personalized workouts enable you to exercise anywhere.
Portable
Because Activ5 is a portable fitness device, it’s like having more than 100 gym-based workouts available on-demand right at your desk, or couch, or car, or plane seat, or anywhere.
The ultimate excuse buster. Skip the gym and fit in a quick 5 minute workout before or after lunch.
Don’t be sedentary on long trips. Boost your metabolism while in the air.
Exercises & Workouts
Unlike any fitness product available today, Activ5 features dozens of specially designed isometric exercises in over 100 workouts.
Activ5 even features workouts uniquely designed for busy moms and dads and traveling professionals, enabling exercise from your mobile device in the Office, while Watching TV, in the Hotel and even on the Car/Plane/Train!
Activ5 Features Dozens of Exercises & Over 100 Workouts
Exercises
Full Body
Shoulders
Chest
Biceps
Triceps
Forearms
Core
Obliques
Back
Glutes
Hip Flexors
Quads
Thighs
Hamstrings
Calves & Shins
Workouts
Activ5 Challenge
Upper Body
Lower Body
Get Strong
Get Toned
Yoga/Pilates
Awesome Abs
Butt Burner
Lean Legs
Office
Watching TV
Car/Plane/Train
Hotel
Surprise Me
Exercise with Games!
Activ5 offers a growing library of games that allow you to get your exercise while having fun, challenge your friends and family. The Activ5 games work with any smartphone, and are available for download on Apple App Store and Google Play. From classics to brand new styles, the games are easy to connect and work with any Activ5 exercise!
About Us
Activ5 is a portable workout device and mobile app that coaches you through low impact, isometric based workouts in as little as 5 minutes per day.
Corporate
Press Kit
Information
Students sign up here for offers, events and more!
Exercise with Games!
* Results may vary. Activ5 is presented as part of a healthy, well-balanced lifestyle. It is not a replacement for traditional fitness and exercise programs. Proper diet and exercise are critical for any weight loss regimen.
Not all exercise programs are suitable for everyone, and this or any exercise program may result in injury. Consult your doctor before starting this or any exercise program.
As with most exercise programs, the creators, producers, participants, and distributors of this exercise program cannot guarantee that this program is safe and proper for every individual.
Any liability, loss, or damage in connection with the products, exercises, instructions, or advice in this program is expressly disclaimed.
In an Activ5-sponsored 6-week study, subjects experienced an average increase in strength of 30.04%. Children should use Activ5 only with adult supervision. Mobile device not included in any Activ5 offer.
Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc.