Cue
Scroll
Cue is developing advanced technology and manufacturing to solve important global healthcare problems
Latest News
Cue Announces $30 Million Funding Contract from U.S. Department of Health and Human Services’ Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority for development and regulatory validation of over-the-counter and professional use influenza and respiratory pathogen cartridges to help manage seasonal and pandemic influenza.
Cue Health Inc. (“Cue”), a healthcare technology company developing a range of diagnostic products for professionals and consumers, announced today it has raised $45MM in Series B financing. The financing will be used to complete development and fund the initial set of FDA 510(k) clinical studies for Cue’s first set of diagnostic products.
Cue Health Receives ISO 13485 Certification for the design and development, manufacture and distribution of in-vitro diagnostic medical devices used in the detection, diagnosis and management of infectious diseases, women’s health, cardiovascular health, wellness, and other diseases and conditions.
Cue Health Inc. today announced a collaboration with Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., one of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson, (Janssen) to address a significant global health need for HIV viral load testing using Cue's Lab-In-A-Box proprietary molecular diagnostics platform.
Product & TechnologyThe Cue Health Monitoring SystemWe are developing a connected diagnostic platform for use in the home and by healthcare professionals to enable fast and convenient access to health information through a range of simple, self-serve tests that deliver results to your mobile device in minutes.
Cue CartridgesCollect a small sample and slide it into one of Cue’s disposable cartridges, which use advanced DNA/RNA amplification and immunoassay chemistry to convert it to digital information that is sent to your mobile device. It works the same for professionals and consumers alike.
SoftwareFor consumers, Cue’s software delivers a personalized mobile health dashboard, which stores test results and connects directly with on-demand telemedicine and prescription services. For professionals, Cue’s software provides a platform for managing patient test histories and the ability to connect with patients for follow-up including telemedicine consults and prescription services.
Interdisciplinary TeamOur team is made up of talented individuals who share a passion to improve healthcare delivery worldwide. Our culture is dynamic, fast-paced, energetic, and innovative.