OMRON Healthcare - Blood Pressure Monitor - EVOLV
Alexa compatible
Made in Japan
EVOLV
Blood Pressure Monitor
3 Year Warranty
OMRON EVOLV - The new, easy to use, All in One Upper Arm Blood Pressure Monitor. Take accurate readings in any position around the upper arm1 & track progress via smartphone.
Product features:
All in One upper arm blood pressure monitor - No tubes. No wires. Simply accurate.
Intellisense Technology - Inflates the cuff to the ideal level for each use.
Intelli Wrap Cuff - For an easy and accurate reading.
Clinically Validated - The device has proven its reliability and accuracy under vigorous testing procedures by major health organisations.
Cuff Wrap Guide - Indicates if the cuff is wrapped correctly: not too loose or too tight.
OMRON connect app - Get connected. Access anytime. See progress. Mobile application for iPhone / Android™.
1. Bilo G et al. Hypertens Res 2017. 40(6): 573-580.
2. Asmar R et al. Validation of the HEM-7134-E & HEM-7600T-E in Pregnancy according to the Modified European Society of Hypertension International Protocol (ESH-IP). France. 2017; Manuscript in preparation.
3 Year Warranty
Product benefits
All-in-one design
Thanks to EVOLV's all-in-one design, measuring your blood pressure at home, or on the go, has never been more convenient.
See the full picture
EVOLV can sync your readings to your smartphone—so you can track your results, monitor your progress, and get a deeper understanding of your health over time.
Reliable results
With standard cuffs, 1-in-3 people measure their blood pressure incorrectly. EVOLV’s Intelli Wrap Cuff Technology ensures 360˚ accuracy in any position around your upper arm¹.
Validated for use during pregnancy
For peace of mind, EVOLV has been successfully validated in pregnant women with and without pre-eclampsia².
No more guesswork
Our Cuff Wrap Guide lets you know if your cuff is wrapped correctly - not too loose, nor too tight.
Why should I use a blood pressure monitor?
Helps to diagnose and monitor hypertension
Can help detect your cardiovascular risk
A more complete picture of your heart health
All in One upper arm blood pressure monitor - No tubes. No wires. Simply accurate.
Intellisense Technology - Inflates the cuff to the ideal level for each use.
Intelli Wrap Cuff - For an easy and accurate reading.
Clinically Validated - The device has proven its reliability and accuracy under vigorous testing procedures by major health organisations.
Cuff Wrap Guide - Indicates if the cuff is wrapped correctly: not too loose or too tight.
OMRON connect app - Get connected. Access anytime. See progress. Mobile application for iPhone / Android™.
1. Bilo G et al. Hypertens Res 2017. 40(6): 573-580.
2. Asmar R et al. Validation of the HEM-7134-E & HEM-7600T-E in Pregnancy according to the Modified European Society of Hypertension International Protocol (ESH-IP). France. 2017; Manuscript in preparation.
Device Type:
Upper Arm Blood Pressure Monitor
Connected:
Yes
Cuff Type:
Intelli Wrap Cuff 22-42cm
Memory:
100 Readings
Cuff Wrap Guide:
Yes
Irregular Heartbeat Detection:
Yes
Body Movement Detection:
Yes
Storage Case Included:
Yes
Validation:
Clinical Validation,
Pregnancy Validation
Intellisense Technology:
Yes
Stroke Prevention:
Yes
Length (cm):
12.00
Height (cm):
17.00
Depth (cm):
13.00
Sales Package Weight (g):
670.00
What's in the box
EVOLV blood pressure monitor, instruction manual, storage case, battery set, blood pressure pass, set-up instructions for OMRON connect
Compatibility
This device is compatible with OMRON connect. To see a list of smartphones tested with OMRON connect, please .