Home Security System S03 WiFi Starter Kit Fortress Security Store Online
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
First Day of Summer Sale
Get 20% OFF On Security Products
Use code: SUMMER20
Sale Ends In :
206-981-5371
X
HELLO, CUSTOMER
0
CART
x
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Item was added into cart.
/
/
/
Home Security System S03 WiFi Starter Kit
Ask Question Aboutaa s03-starter-kit
*Name
*Email
*Question
* Required Fields
Submit
Roll Over Image to Zoom
Disclaimer
All pictures shown are for illustration purposes only. Actual product may vary due to product enhancement.
Home Security System S03 WiFi Starter Kit
|
|
SKU:
s03-starter-kit
No Contract
or Monthly Charges
3 Year
Warranty
30 Day
Satisfaction Guarantee
In the Package
Description
Specifications
Features
1 x
1 x
1 x
2 x
2 x
1 x
1 x
The S03 Starter Kit is the perfect kit for smaller locations. Whether you are protecting an office, an apartment, an RV, or a smaller home this kit has everything you need. This land line enabled S03 system calls up to 6 phone numbers you specify in the event of an alarm (PSTN / RJ-11). With a built in siren and a remote wireless siren with adjustable volume, you can be sure that anyone that happens to intrude is given plenty of reasons to get out quickly. You can also place calls inbound to the main panel to control it remotely over the phone.
Power: Micro-USB 5V, 1A Internal battery backup
433 MHz wireless frequency
~150 ft. wireless range
802.11x compliant
RJ-11 Land Line connection
WiFi compatible
Land line capable
Compatible with Contact ID (CID) central monitoring
Built-in siren and voice responses
99 Zones w/ Up To 10 Accessories Each
Availability:
In stock
$79.99
Quantity:
Want it Wednesday
Jun. 26?
Order Today and choose '1-2 Day Rush' shipping at checkout.
Details
Notes:
Use 1-2 Day Rush option at the checkout
Add To Cart
Product Description
Product Review
Customer Review
Product Q & A
Home Security System S03 WiFi Starter Kit Description
1 x S03 WiFi Main Panel
1 x Standard Motion Detector
1 x Door / Window Contact Sensor
2 x Remote Key Fob
2 x RFID Key Tag
1 x Micro-USB Power Supply
The S03 WiFi Starter Kit is the perfect kit for smaller locations. Whether you are protecting an office, an apartment, a RV, a storage unit, or a smaller home this kit has everything you need. The S03 panel can connect to WiFi and communicate with the free mobile app, available for iPhone and Android devices. Enabling the landline on the S03 system will allow your panel to call up to 6 phone numbers you specify in the event of an alarm (PSTN / RJ-11). With a built in siren and a wired plugin siren with adjustable volume, you can be sure that anyone that happens to intrude is given plenty of reasons to get out quickly. You can also remotely arm, disarm, and check the status of your system using the mobile app as well as place calls inbound to the main panel to control it remotely over the phone. The S03 WiFi now supports Amazon Alexa so you can connect your system to any Alexa enabled device for even greater control of your security.
Works with Wi-Fi and the MyFortress App for iOS / Android so you can receive notifications and check your alarm status right from your phone
Turn your home into a “Smart” Home with Amazon Alexa compatibility
Also compatible with landline / VoIP phone lines
Discreet hub can be placed in a central or hidden location
Built-in siren and voice responses
99 Zones with up to 10 sensors in each zone
Reviews For This Product
Reviews:
5.0
See All 6 Reviews
5(6)
4(0)
3(0)
2(0)
1(0)
We want to hear from you!
Tell us what you think about this item.
It helps us get better at what we do, and ultimately
provide you with better products.
Write a Review
Write a Review for Home Security System S03 WiFi Starter Kit
How do you rate this product? *
1 star
2 stars
3 stars
4 stars
5 stars
Product Rating
*Nickname
*Summary of Your Review
*Review
Submit Review
Newest
Oldest
Highest rating
Lowest rating
Worth every dollar
Review by Locarco
I'm from Mexico. I researched a lot of brands and systems. I decided for this one because it seemed the most flexible for my needs. I has worked like a charm since I got it. Installing it was so easy and using it is even easier with the app. I now feel more confident of leaving my house, knowing I will get notified if someone breaks in.
(Posted on 6/13/2019)
5.0- Review
Was this helpful?
0 people
found this review helpful.
Awesome buy
Review by Rich
This is my second time with a Fortress alarm. The WiFi is key go to YouTube to connect WiFi pretty easy. The Fortress App works great arm it from you’re phone anywhere. The App tells you if you’re system goes off you don’t need a landline you get alarm sound and a Email from Fortress. All the sensors are programmed Amazing company always updating there alarms don’t hesitate buy one. The reviews for the App are incorrect the App does what it’s supposed to do enjoy a piece of mind
(Posted on 2/5/2019)
5.0- Review
Was this helpful?
0 people
found this review helpful.
Awesome!
Review by DCC
from DALLAS, GA
After someone woke my elderly mother one night banging on her door I immediately order this, however I went through the "build a kit" and wish I would have bought this instead. It ended up being more with fewer sensors than this kit. Regardless I liked it so much I bought one for my home to replace an older S02 kit. The mobile app is what makes it worth it for me. If mom's alarm goes off I get a notification on my phone as well as a phone call.I recommend this system on my neighborhood watch as well. Many people cant afford the other brands that require a subscription, but this is a great system for the price. Add on the black siren and mount it outside and your neighbors will know when something's up, it is LOUD! Highly recommended, easy to install, very configurable. I will likely start getting this for other family members in the upcoming months.
(Posted on 12/10/2018)
5.0- Review
Was this helpful?
0 people
found this review helpful.
Great features, great value
Review by B
from Charleston, WV
Excellent features with wifi, mobile app and alexa-enabled.
Fantastic value for the money!
(Posted on 10/29/2018)
5.0- Review
Was this helpful?
0 people
found this review helpful.
Great security alarm
Review by Jonathan
Great product, good price, arrived quickly and intact.
(Posted on 10/17/2018)
5.0- Review
Was this helpful?
0 people
found this review helpful.
View More
4.7 Overall Satisfaction Rating Based on 374 Ratings from Actual Customers
Ardeshir G
good
Verified Customer
22nd January 2019
Dennis S
System and service is very good, although ( I ) had trouble understanding the programming of some
as series . The video and the manual are some what different . After programming , it worked Great. Thank you Dennis
Verified Customer
16th August 2017
John K
Great company and products...excellent customer service!
Verified Customer
12th February 2019
Noel G
Great
Verified Customer
26th February 2019
Sandra G
good
Verified Customer
24th November 2017
READ MORE REVIEWS
Home Security System S03 WiFi Starter Kit
Ask Question
*Name
*Email
*Question
*Please type the letters below
* Required Fields
Submit
QDoes the mobile app show history of door being opened and closed?
A
Hi Joseph,
Thanks for your inquiry. The alarm log on the app is able to show when the alarm has been triggered as well as when the system is armed/disarmed. It is unable to record when the doors are opened/closed at this time. I hope this helps and please let us know if you have any further questions.
QAre all the sensors and sirens of the S02 compatible with the S03 main panel?
A
Hello Juan,
Yes! You can upgrade from the S02 to the S03 and all the sensors and sirens from the S02 would be compatible,
Thanks,
Jessica
Customer Service Manager
QCan I program the So2 controllers to work with the So3. I do not like the So3 because there is no protector to not accitently press a button
A
Hello Cesar,
Yes, you can program the S02 remote controllers to the S03 security system.
Please let us know if you have any other questions!
Thank you,
Astrid
12 Review(s)
$119.99
Add to Cart
6 Review(s)
$199.99
Add to Cart
6 Review(s)
$229.99
Add to Cart
3 Review(s)
$59.99
Add to Cart
Please wait ...
COMPANY INFO
CUSTOMER SERVICE
(5 Star Ratings)
© 2019 Fortress Security Store.
All Rights Reserved.
INFORMATION
POPULAR PRODUCTS
Newsletter Sign Up
Save
Promos! Offers! Coupons! And Get More UpdateS!
Sign Up
Get
10% Off
On Any Order Value by Subscribing
NO Thanks