Wireless Security System | Home, Apartment, and Business
800-297-1605
60 Day Money-Back Guarantee //
Free Shipping // Free Returns
Earn 7,000 United MileagePlus® bonus award miles
Have your MileagePlus number ready at checkout. Cannot be combined with other offers.
Earn 7,000 American Airlines AAdvantage® miles
Have your AAdvantage® number ready at checkout. Cannot be combined with other offers.
FREE
SimpliCam
+
2 Free Months
of security monitoring
offer applies automatically
HOLIDAY EXCLUSIVE Get a free Simplicam and save $1/gallon on up to 3 trips
Have your Fuel Rewards® account email ready at checkout
AARP Members Get 15% OFF
Have your AARP membership card number ready at checkout
FATHER'S DAY SALE
ENDS MIDNIGHT
15% Off any new system
FREE Camera excludes Video Doorbell
offer applies automatically
FATHER'S DAY SALE
ENDS MIDNIGHT
15% Off
FREE Camera
Smaller. Faster. Stronger.
It's here. The all new SimpliSafe. At half the size and double
the range, it's practically invisible. And at five times faster,
fifty percent louder, and loaded with safeguards, it's the most
powerful SimpliSafe ever.
Built for the unexpected
Real home security prepares for the worst. So we built backups.
And backups for those backups.
SmashSafe
An intruder can damage the keypad.
Doesn't matter. We still alert
the police. Sorry, bad guys.
Twice Secured
We doubled down. Took our built-in
cellular connection. Put it on the
strongest networks. Then reinforced it
with Wi-Fi. So your home is always secure.
Disaster Ready
We've got 6 monitoring centers.
They all protect your home. All the
time. Overkill? It's not. It means
there's no single point of failure. So
a disaster can't take down your protection.
Power Outage Protection
The power fails. We don’t. In a
blackout, a back-up battery kicks in
and protects you for a full 24 hours.
Confirmed Alerts
Alert confirmation is big. It means
that we send an alarm signal until
the monitoring center confirms they
got it. It’s how you can be absolutely
sure help is there when you need it.
Deep Encryption
From sensor to Base Station to
monitoring centers and back,
your signals are encrypted.
No Long-Term Contracts
$14.99/month
Alwayson the job
Every home at some point faces danger.
Our job is to snuff it out. Our 24/7 alarm
monitoring is always there. Ready to alert
police when your home needs help. Our
monitoring service was named best in the
industry. We’re proud of that.
Created with Sketch.
A sensor detects a break-in.
Your Base Station sounds
as it alerts our 24/7 monitoring.
Our security
specialist calls you.
Unless you cancel the alarm. we immediately dispatch police.
Whole home protection
Detects fires
Sounds a full alarm to get your family out. Calls the fire department to get firefighters in.
Helps prevent burst pipes
We warn you if your house is at risk of freezing.Burst pipes? Not in your home.
Warns against water damage
We catch leaks before they become bursts. Soyou can avoid headaches like mold and floods.
Criminals.Captured.
Cops love when an alarm is visually verified. It means the alarm is a) the real deal and b) in progress. And that means they are way more likely to catch the criminal.
See what happens in an emergency
Capture crucial evidence
Watch free anytime
Detects intruders, not pets
Alarms that cry wolf? No thanks. We
precision-engineered our motion
sensors to detect the unique heat
signature of humans. Not pets.
Precisiondetection.
Our glassbreak sensors are so
precise they can tell the
difference between an
intruder smashing a window
and a plate breaking. Smash
a plate and see for yourself.
(Maybe not the nice ones)
Tiny sensors,
huge
protection.
Long-range sensors need big antennas.
But that means big, clunky devices.
Our engineers custom built long-range
microantennas. So you get practically
invisible sensors that cover any home.
Long range.Longer life.
Long-range sensors eat up power.
Which kills batteries. Changing
batteries is annoying. So we created
pioneering signal-burst technology. It
gives the sensors huge home-covering
range, but conserves power. So you
almost never need to change a battery
and never think about your security.
Lights up when
the sun's down
The all new touch-to-wake keypad. Lights up
when you need to see it. Goes dark when you
don’t. It doesn’t need to be plugged in, so you
can put it anywhere you like.
Warning: Entry Sensor open
Open window alerts
You’ve left a door or window open.
We’ve got you covered. Leave with an
entry sensor open, we’ll let you know
and make it easy by telling which window.
Control from anywhere
Arm your system from your phone
Out the door in a hurry? Need to let Dad in
while you’re out? No problem. Arm and
disarm your system anywhere using your
phone, tablet, or computer.
Get notified when your system detects activity
Did the kids get home? Anyone getting
into the liquor cabinet? See what happens
when you’re out with push and text alerts.
See what’s happening from anywhere
With SimpliCam, watch over your home in HD anywhere, anytime.
Built to last
We’re constantly getting smarter,
better, faster. So should your
security system. SimpliSafe
automatically updates over-the-
air so you always have the latest
and best protection technology.
INTRODUCING
Heartbeats
It’s what we call the constant check-
ins we built into the system. It’s part
diagnostic, part security measure,
and 100% awesome, because it
means you always know everything’s
working the way it should.
Ready to protect, right out of the box
Anyone can set up SimpliSafe in just a few minutes.
No drilling. No tools. Just plug in the Base Station,
place your sensors, and start protecting your home.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
SimpliSafe offer valid only for those who purchase a new SimpliSafe system that includes at least one (1) Base Station, one (1) Keypad and one (1) Additional Sensor. Not valid with any other offers. Offer not valid on SimpliSafe Original system or Refurbished systems. SimpliSafe Terms of Sale and all other applicable SimpliSafe Terms and Conditions apply.
AARP member benefits are provided by third parties, not by AARP or its affiliates. Providers pay a royalty fee to AARP for the use of its intellectual property. These fees are used for the general purposes of AARP. Some provider offers are subject to change and may have restrictions. Please contact the provider directly for details.
submit
Thanks! Keep an eye on your email for tips, offers and more.
USA
×
Looking for security in the US?
You're on the US site,
which ships to our customers in the United States. Switch to the US site below.