Fitbit Aria 2™ Wi-Fi Smart Scales
By clicking or navigating this site, you agree to our use of cookies, including for analytics and to enable our partners to serve interest-based ads for our products and services. To learn more and about your privacy choices, please read our
statement.
Products
SMARTWATCHES
TRACKERS
MORE PRODUCTS
Not sure which product is right for you?
Why Fitbit
Get Motivated
App & Dashboard
Help
Your cart is currently empty.
Your cart is currently empty.
Starts at
Wi-Fi Smart Scale
Meet the most accurate Wi-Fi smart scales.*
Track weight and more in just one step
Get better results with smarter scales that automatically track weight, body fat, BMI and lean mass and show your trends over time.
Weight
Body Fat %
BMI and Lean Mass
Charts Trends Over Time
Weight
ACCURACY
WEIGHT AND MORE
SMART SCALES
The most accurate Wi-Fi smart scale*
Aria 2 brings together weight, body fat, BMI and more, so you can get a holistic view of your health.
Weight
Automatically track your weight trends
Simply step onto the scales and Aria 2 displays your weight stats on screen and automatically syncs them to the Fitbit app so you can track your progress.
BODY FAT PERCENTAGE
See your body fat % right on the scales
Compare your weight stats with your body composition trends to see whether you’re gaining muscle and burning fat – the key to sustainable change.
BODY MASS INDEX
Know your BMI
BMI (Body Mass Index) is a measurement that uses height and weight to help determine if you are at a healthy weight for your age and gender.
Aria 2 calculates it for you based on your weight and profile information and sends the data to the Fitbit app.
21BMI
LEAN MASS
Calculate your lean mass
Lean mass is the weight of everything in your body accept the fat. Knowing this number helps you determine if you are losing fat and gaining muscle. Aria 2 sends these stats straight to the Fitbit app.
To get more accurate stats, set your scales to the right mode – Regular or Lean.
Regular Mode
This mode applies to most people, whether you exercise frequently or don’t get much exercise at all.
Lean Mode
Choose this mode if you are a high-level athlete like a marathon runner or body builder.
VIEW TRENDS
See your progress over time
When Aria 2 syncs to your app, it converts your stats into easy-to-read graphs that help you see your long-term trends and learn if your hard work is paying off.
10LBLOST SINCE 16 JAN
*For weight measurement among comparable wi-fi capable scales with FDA premarketing 510(k) clearance as of 1 June 2017.
Find useful tools in
the Fitbit app
Use the Fitbit app, watches and wristbands to find features to reach your goals and get a clearer picture of your health.
Track Exercise
Set Goals
Log Food
Measure Hydration
Track Exercise
FITBIT COMPATIBILITY
FITBIT COMPATIBILITY
WORKS WITH FITBIT
Connect every step, all in one place
Exercise, sleep and nutrition have a big impact on your weight. Aria 2 works with the Fitbit app, wristbands and watches to connect these elements and give you a better understanding of your overall health while you reach your goals.
Dashboard
TRACK EXERCISE
Record your workouts
Log your workouts in the Fitbit app or with a Fitbit wristband or watch to see how each exercise affects calorie burn and impacts your day.
SET GOALS
Stay motivated by going for a goal
Set goals for your weight, calories and exercise in the Fitbit app and use Aria 2 to help you stay on track throughout your journey towards your ideal weight.
LOG FOOD
Log your meals
The key to weight loss is calories in vs. calories out. Use the Fitbit app to record your meals and snacks and stay accountable while tracking your overall nutrition.
Calorie Coaching
MEASURE HYDRATION
Record your water intake
Drinking enough H20 is essential to your health. Log how much water you drink in the Fitbit app so you can make sure that you’re staying hydrated.
Your goal 64oz
GET INSPIRED
Find more motivation in the Fitbit app
Get the information and inspiration you need to stay motivated with Feed, Friends and Groups in the Fitbit Community tab. Plus, join in some friendly competition with Fitbit Challenges.
Fitbit Community – Feed
Share the scales, not your stats
Aria 2 recognises up to eight users while keeping stats private which means your personal weight data is for your eyes only.
Multiple Users
Privacy
Multiple Users
MULTIPLE USERS
MULTIPLE USERS
MULTIPLE USERS
Fit for the whole family
Designed to be shared, these scales recognise up to eight individual users so each one of you can track your progress while working towards individual goals.
PRIVACY
Scales that can keep a secret
Every time you step on the scales, Aria 2 recognises who you are, displays your weight stats and sends them straight to your private Fitbit account.
It just gets you
Get a warm welcome every time you step onto Aria 2. These smart scales know it’s you based on your weight stats collected during set-up.
PERSONALISED
Personalised to every user
Each user is assigned a personalised icon that appears on the Aria 2 screen during use.
Set up in minutes with your smartphone
Use your smartphone’s Bluetooth connection to set up your scales, then Aria 2 automatically syncs your stats over Wi-Fi.
Easy Set-up
Wireless Syncing
Network Compatibility
Easy Set-up
EASY SET-UP
SET-UP AND SYNCING
EASY SET-UP
Easy smartphone set-up with Bluetooth
Follow the simple set-up guide in the Fitbit app to quickly get Aria 2 up and running using the Bluetooth on your smartphone and a Wi-Fi network.
+
WIRELESS SYNCING
Record and sync your stats automatically
These smart scales use Wi-Fi to automatically sync your weight data to the Fitbit app. There’s no need to manually log your data – just step on and let Aria 2 do the rest.
NETWORK COMPATIBILITY
Built for more Wi-Fi networks
Everyone should have the power to track their trends and reach their goals – which is why Aria 2 is compatible with Wireless 802.11b/g/n networks.
DESIGN & SPECS
White
White
Black
STYLISH
Black or white finish with a polished glass surface
STYLISH
Black or white finish with a polished glass surface
SLEEK
A thin design makes it easy to transport
SLEEK
A thin design makes it easy to transport
View All Features and Specs
Fits into your
day and your home
Sleek, stylish and simple to use
The perfect companion to any health and fitness journey
ARIA 2 IN BLACK
ARIA 2 IN WHITE
View Gallery
next
previous
You might also like:
Danmark
()
©2019 Fitbit, Inc. All rights reserved.
&