Sleep Tracking Mat - Sleep | Withings
By clicking or navigating on this site, you agree to our use of cookies to improve your experience and offer personalized advertising through our partners.
Previously viewedSteel HRHybrid Smartwatch
The Nokia Digital Health business was acquired by Withings co-founder Eric Carreel. The Withings brand will return by the end of 2018.
Sleep
US$ 99.95
Buy
Buy
Sleep
Sleep Tracking Mat
Know your nights.Master your days.
Sleep quality assessment
Snoring detection
Heart rate tracking
Sleep coaching program
Enhanced sleep environment
Withings Sleep offers sleep cycles analysis (deep, light and REM), heart rate tracking and snore detection. Easy one-time setup and automatic sync to the Health Mate app via Wi-Fi. Also features IFTTT integration for scenarios such as dimming lights when you go to bed, or turning up your thermostat when you get up.
Experience advanced sleep tracking
Sleep provides an in-depth look at your nights by monitoring sleep cycles, tracking heart rate and detecting snoring.
Learn what matters
Every day, wake to your sleep score in the Health Mate app, and learn about the parameters that impact your sleep quality including sleep duration, sleep depth, interruptions, your sleep schedule, plus the time it takes to fall asleep and wake up.
Detect breathing disturbancesnew
Withings Sleep monitors the intensity of breathing disturbances, thanks to an algorithm that analyzes interruptions in breathing patterns that occur during the night. Get to know the intensity of these pauses to learn about the impact they have on your nights. Make the most of these insights paired with our educational in-app content to help identify signs of sleep apnea.
Sleep apnea is a medical condition that’s often silent—about 80% of affected people don't know they are apneic.
Sleep Smarter Program
Take advantage of a dedicated in-app sleep coaching program that can help you reduce fatigue, improve health, and support weight management efforts by leading you towards a more balanced sleep schedule.
Reinvent your morning & evening routines
Create home automation scenarios with IFTTT just by getting in and out of bed. See how Sleep can act as a switch to control lights, the temperature and more..
Turn off the lights
Turn on the lights
Turn up the thermostat
is a platform for creating automated scenarios between more than 500 products and services.
Nothing to wear
Easy one-time setup under the mattress makes Sleep fit seamlessly into your life. Plus with automatic sync via Wi-Fi, there’s nothing you need to do but sleep and then wake to find all data in the app.
Product details Sleep
US$ 99.95
Product details
Sleep
US$ 99.95
Add to cart Sleep Sensing & Home Automation Pad
Compatible with iOS & Android
- Advanced sleep tracking: Sleep cycles (deep, light & REM), heart rate and snoring.
- Personalized coaching: Dedicated in-app coaching program to help reduce fatigue & improve health.
- Home Automation: Control lights, temperature, and other smart home-enabled devices just by getting into and out of bed.
Add a second device for your partner
Add to cart
Technical Specifications
Connectivity
Metrics tracked
Device
In the box
Compatibility
iOS compatibility (iOS 10 and higher)
Android compatibility (5.0 and higher)
Cannot be set up from a computer
Wi-Fi
2.4 GHz b/g/n
WEP/WPA/WPA2
Bluetooth
Bluetooth 4.0 required for installation
Sleep duration, sleep onset and time to wake
Sleep cycles: deep, light, REM phases
Continuous and average heart-rate
Snoring duration
Sleep quality score
Premium fabric
Dimensions and weight
637mm length (25’’), 190mm width (7.5’’), 5mm thickness (0.2’’)
350 g (12 oz)
Power supply
Power supply 5V 1A
USB power adapter included
Withings Sleep
USB power adapter
Quick start guide
Free Health Mate app
Withings Web Dashboard
Free Withings account
To securely store your data and make it readily available
Download your data at any time, free of charge
Subscribe today to be the first to know when sales open. Enter a valid e-mail addressSubscribeKeep me informedWe'll let you know as soon as it's available.Close
Find the perfect product for all your needs
BPM
An easy-to-use and precise device to follow your heart rate and blood pressure by yourself with your smartphone. Features results in Health Mate so you can easily share results with your doctor.
US$ 99.95
Body Cardio
An advanced Wi-Fi scale that delivers full body composition, exclusive heart health metrics, and seamless tracking in the Health Mate app.
US$ 149.95
Thermo
A revolutionary thermometer that requires no contact, provides highly accurate temperatures, and automatically syncs with a dedicated app to track up to 8 users.
US$ 99.95
You will be provided with a Nokia branded product. Don’t worry—the product is exactly the same and the guarantee applies on both Nokia and Withings products. If you absolutely want a Withings branded product, sign up to be the first one to know when it will be available:
Enter a valid e-mail address
Sign up
At Withings we have a healthy respect for privacy.
Thanks for signing up.
Discover our products |  |  |  |   |
|
Buy the products
Your health
PartnersSupportFollow us
© 2019 Withings All rights reserved. |  |  |  |  |