Wi-Fi Smart Scale with Body Composition & Heart Rate - Body Cardio | Withings
By clicking or navigating on this site, you agree to our use of cookies to improve your experience and offer personalized advertising through our partners.
Previously viewedSteel HRHybrid Smartwatch
The Nokia Digital Health business was acquired by Withings co-founder Eric Carreel. The Withings brand will return by the end of 2018.
Body Cardio
Free shipping
30-day returns
2-year warranty
£ 129.95
Buy
Buy
Body Cardio
Wi-Fi Smart Scale with Body Composition & Heart Rate
Get to the heart of your matter.
Pulse Wave Velocity
Body Composition Analysis
Wi-Fi Synchronization
High-end design
Baby & pregnancy modes
The world’s most advanced smart scale
Body Cardio gives you an indication of your cardiovascular health with Pulse Wave Velocity, an innovative metric usually restricted to a hospital setting, as well as standing heart rate. It also tracks weight, body composition (body fat, water %, muscle & bone mass) and syncs with the free Health Mate app (iOS & Android™) to display your trends and help you reach your health goals.
Follow heart health at home
Body Cardio measures Pulse Wave Velocity (PWV), recognized by the medical community as an indicator of overall cardiovascular health. PWV is the propagation speed of the blood wave along the arteries. An elevated PWV reading may be a sign of stiff arteries, which may be a risk factor for having or developing hypertension. On the other hand, the more flexible the artery, the better your heart health.
Body Cardio allows you to view your PWV reading directly on the scale screen. Get color-coded feedback in the Health Mate app, along with educational content on how to reduce your PWV, which may help to improve your heart health. Whatever your fitness level, you will be able to see how adopting small lifestyle changes—like a healthier diet and increased activity—can have a big impact on your overall cardiovascular health.
Note: Body Cardio is not a medical device and as such it is not intended to detect, prevent, monitor, or treat any disease.
Weigh smarter
While people focus on weight, full body composition helps you know what goes into that number, so you can pinpoint your efforts
Fat mass
Fat mass percentage can help anyone understand overall health
Muscle mass
So you can target your efforts to lose fat or get stronger
Water
Clues you into hydration and retention.
Bone mass
To get a full picture of your body.
Weight
Highly-precise measurements accurate to .2 pounds
Track, visualize, improve
People who set a weight goal in the app report losing twice as much weight. When you set a goal, Health Mate coaches you with tips and encouragement to help you reach your objective.
Every weigh-in appears in the Health Mate app automatically, via WiFi or Bluetooth sync. With your weight, body composition, and heart health history, you can see what works, reinforce positive behaviors and stay focused on the big picture.
Revolutionary Design
At only 0.7 inches thick with a solid aluminum base, Body Cardio has no feet to adjust, making it the thinnest, most stable scale available. Thanks to its design, Body Cardio works equally well on any surface, from a hard floor to a thick carpet.
For the whole family
Up to 8 users can be recognized automatically, and each will have their data independently synced to their Health Mate profile.
More reasons to step on
Provide a daily local weather forecast and display the previous day's step (if you use a Withings activity tracker or the app's built-in tracker).
Ready, aim, achieve
Stay on track by setting a weight goal in the Health Mate app, or by logging food with the built-in nutrition tracking feature.
Get support during pregnancy
Pregnancy Tracker guides expecting mothers through their pregnancy with health-related, obstetrician-reviewed advice, tips, and personalized weight tracking.
Track your child's growth
Baby Mode empowers parents to easily keep an accurate diary of their child’s growth simply by stepping on the scale while holding their baby in their arms.
Choose your scale color Body Cardio
£ 129.95
Choose your scale color
Face color
Black
White
Body Cardio
£ 129.95
Add to cart Wi-Fi Smart Scale with Body Composition & Heart Rate
Compatible with iOS & Android
- Heart health: Indication of your cardiovascular health via Pulse Wave Velocity and heart rate
- Body composition: Weight (kg, lb, st), weight trends, body fat & water percentage, muscle & bone mass
- Seamless Wi-Fi sync: Automatic data sync via Wi-Fi to the free Health Mate app (iOS & Android)
- Multi-user friendly: Recognizes and tracks up to 8 users independently
- Tailored to you: Opt into Pregnancy Tracker, use the baby weighing feature, or enable Athlete Mode to meet your specific needs
- Life-friendly features: Ultra-thin design, rechargeable battery, localized weather forecast & previous day's steps
Free shipping
30-day returns
2-year warranty
Add to cart
Technical Specifications
Connectivity
Metrics tracked
Sensors
Device
In the box
iOS compatibility (iOS 10 and higher)
iPhone 5 and more recent
iPod touch 6th generation and more recent
iPad 4th generation and more recent
Android compatibility (5.0 and higher)
Requires Internet access (mobile data or Wi-Fi)
Wireless Sync
Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, compatible with WEP/WPA/WPA2-personal networks Bluetooth connectivity (Bluetooth Smart Ready)
Weight
Four weight sensors Patent-pending body position detector Highly accurate weighing
Body Composition
Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis Athlete and non-athlete mode Unit: body fat %, total body water %, muscle mass kg or lb, bone mass kg or lb
Heart rate
Patented heart rate measurement technology Unit: bpm (beats per minute)
Pulse Wave Velocity
Unit: m/s (meters per second)
Automatic user recognition
Up to 8 different users
Four weight sensors
Weighing range: 5 -> 180kg (9 -> 396lb)
100g (0.2lb) graduation
Units: kg, lb, st lb
Patented body position detector
Highly-accurate weighing via Position ControlTM technology
Scale
Large, high-strength tempered glass platform Flat aluminum base Ultra slim design Dimensions: 12.8 x 12.8 x 0.7 in. / 327x327x18mm
Display
Large, easy-on-the-eye graphical display (2.4”x1.6”), 128x64 pixels High-contrast lighting Weight units: kg, lb, st lb
Storage and memory
Free and unlimited online storage of weight readings Stores up to 16 readings if scale cannot sync wirelessly
Power supply
Rechargeable li-ion battery (micro USB, included) Average battery life: up to 1 year
Scale
Body Cardio USB Cable for charging
Installation guide
FR/EN/DE/ES/IT
Free Health Mate app
To track up to 5 dimensions of your health - Activity, Sleep, Weight, Heart, Environment
Free Withings account
To securely store your data and make it readily available Download your data at any time, free of charge
Subscribe today to be the first to know when sales open. Enter a valid e-mail addressSubscribeKeep me informedWe'll let you know as soon as it's available.Close
Find the perfect product for all your needs Steel HRThe watch that tracks activity, sleep, and heart rate for up to 25 days.
From £ 169.95
Body+A Wi-Fi scale that features highly accurate weight, full body composition, and seamless tracking in the Health Mate app to help you reach your goals.
£ 89.95
BodyA Wi-Fi scale that features weight, BMI, and automatic sync to the Health Mate app, where you can view trends and find extra motivation to reach your goals.
£ 59.95
You will be provided with a Nokia branded product. Don’t worry—the product is exactly the same and the guarantee applies on both Nokia and Withings products. If you absolutely want a Withings branded product, sign up to be the first one to know when it will be available:
Enter a valid e-mail address
Sign up
At Withings we have a healthy respect for privacy.
Thanks for signing up.
Discover our products |  |  |  |   |
|
Buy the products
Your health
PartnersSupportFollow us
© 2019 Withings All rights reserved. |  |  |  |  |