C by GE | Soft White Smart Light
Soft White LED Smart Bulbs give you more control of perfect everyday light.
Smart light. Smart life.
This Bluetooth-enabled, voice controlled* smart bulb has the optimal soft white light—with instant dimming and brightening, preset scenes, and more. Perfect for every room, all day.
out-of-home control with the Google Assistant
C by GE bulbs are made to work with your Google devices. So connect your Soft White bulbs right out of the box and enjoy out-of-home or voice control all from the Google Home app. No hub needed. Tomorrow’s armful of groceries thank you.
Voice and
out-of-home control with Amazon Alexa
Want to enjoy voice and out-of-home control? Pair Soft White with C-Reach and an Amazon Alexa product and link them to the C by GE and Alexa apps. Edison and Alexa, together at last.
Smartphone control with the new C by GE App
Easily create any custom
scene you want
Set your lights to automatically turn on/off or dim/brighten at specific times of a day
Group your lights to control multiple bulbs at once
Soft White General Purpose 2-Pack
Get our soft white LED smart bulbs—perfect light for any room.
Soft White Voice Starter Kit - General Purpose
Buy this starter kit for voice and out-of-home control of your Soft White Bulbs.** When paired with a voice assistant
Soft White Indoor Floodlight 2-Pack
Extend your smart light with Soft White Indoor Floodlights for ceiling fixtures.
General Purpose
Smart light for everywhere else
Specifications Per Bulb
Brightness: 760 lumens
Actual Wattage Used: 9.5W
Replacement Wattage: 60W* *Provides nearly the same light output than a 60W incandescent bulb (760 lumens vs. 840 lumens)
Estimated Energy Cost Per Year: $1.14 (based on 3 hours use per day at 11c per kWh)
Rated Life: 13.7 years (at 3 hours per day use)
Light Appearance: 2700K Soft White
Bulb Type: A19
Base Type: Medium (E26)
Connectivity: Bluetooth
Compatible With: The Google Assistant using a Google Home device and Amazon Alexa and Apple HomeKit when paired with the C-Reach Smart Brid
Want voice and out-of-home control? You'll need an assistant.
C by GE bulbs are made for Google and work with your Google Home devices right out of the box. Download the Google Home app and control your Soft White bulbs from anywhere.
Pair Soft White bulbs with a C-Reach Smart Bridge, Smart Switch, or Smart Plug, then link them to an Amazon Alexa product.
Coming Soon!
Get smarter about Soft White smart bulbs.
for additional support.
"Amazing!! I will be getting more for other rooms. The bulbs work so well with my Alexa Sol"
AMAZON
Tyler