Easybulb Plus Home Automation iPhone and Wifi Controlled Colour Bulb
© 2019 Easybulb
Easybulb PLUS RGBW 9W Home Automation Light Bulb
iPhone and Android Controlled
Compared to WEMO, Lifx and Philips Hue, Easybulb Plus is Cheaper and can also be controlled from anywhere in the world
Easybulb PLUS™ is smart, energy-efficient, multicolour lights, which is all controlled by your iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch, Android phones and tablets. With over 820 Lumens it is capable of producing even more brightness than the 60 Watts traditional incandescent bulb. it will give you the satisfaction of having very bright coloured lights and white light all-in-one. easybulb RGBW will give you all colours including white. Easybulb is dimmable, colour changeable and has sequence modes. No extra wiring installation. Simple and convenient. With LED technology the power consumption is 20% of the traditional incandescent lamp. The lifespan of LED bulbs is over 10 times longer than that of fluorescent lamps.
To control easybulb smartlights with your mobile device you will need a . A single Wifi box can be used to control as many bulbs as possible. Note that images are for illustrations only.
FEATURES OVERVIEW
Change the colours of your lights using your smartphone
All colours including white light
16 Million Colours
iPhone and Android App
Voice Control
Control lights away from home and any location around the globe
Save-As-You-Dim Technology
Control individual lights or in a Group much easily
Set timer for each light to turn on and off
Dim your lights to match your mood
Sleep Mode
WPA2 Security, given a user sole authorization to the lights
Has memory function to resume previous settings
Message Notification
Music Sync
Open API
And Many More…
Change The Way You Light Your Home
Change the way you light your home
All colours including proper warm white light
Individual bulb contol with App or Remote
Save money on electricity bill
Lasts up to 25 years - rated 50,000 hours
Can be used in every country supports 86 Volts -264 Volts
Easy to Install
No need for electricians
As simple as removing your old bulb and installing Easybulb
B22, E27 and E26 available. Also can be used with adapters
Can be used commercially
Easybulb can be used in offices and most businesses
Used by photographers
Restaurants
Clinical use
Schools and Education
Used in making Signages
Factories and companies
And many more...
Easybulb App on Your Device
Easy to download app
Donwload from Google Play Store
Download from Apple App Store
Use with iPad, iPhones and iPod Touch
Works on all Android phones and tablets
Technical Details
Colour changing LED Lights
Controllable with iPhone, iPads, iPod Touch, Android phones and tablets
Brightness adjusting: 100%-1%
Remote distance(2.4G): at least 20 meters, with penetrating power.
Stylish design, easy operation
Energy-saving, environment-friendly, recyclable. Accordance with FCC, CE and ROHS
Input Voltage: 86-265V
Frequency: 50-60Hz
LED Power: 7.5W
Rated Power: 9W
Luminous Flux: 820 Lumens
Average Light Effect:100LM/W
Lifespan: 50000 Hours / 25 Years
PF: 0.65
Lamp Base: B22 Bayonet and E27 Options available
Max Diameter: 60mm
Max Length: 123mm
Net Weight/Bulb: 140g