Amazon Fire TV Stick 4K with all-new Alexa Voice Remote, streaming media player
<![endif]-->
Search
Limited-time offer: Buy 2 Fire TV Stick 4K devices and save $15 at checkout.
Qty:
1
2
3
4
5
6+
Qty:1
Fire TV Stick 4K with all...
has been added to your Cart
Add to Cart
This is a gift, do not link to my account.
Devices are shipped pre-registered to your account.
Check this box if you are buying this device as a gift, or otherwise do not want your device to ship pre-registered to your account.  When the device arrives, register to an Amazon account.
Add Additional Items
$14.99
from
Amazon.com
$14.99
Slow or weak Wi-Fi connection? Take advantage of the speed and reliability of wired internet.
Easy to set up - simply connect the Amazon Ethernet Adapter into the USB port on your Fire TV and plug in an Ethernet cable directly from your router.
Compatible with Fire TV Stick (2nd Gen), Fire TV Stick 4K, Fire TV Cube, and Amazon Fire TV (3rd Gen, Pendant Design).
10/100 Ethernet
Add to Order
Update
Protection Plan for Fire TV Stick 4K:
$7.99
from
SquareTrade, Inc.
$7.99
Service plan term:
2 year
2 year
3 year
Your Protection Plan will be delivered via e-mail within 24 hours
Only compatible with Fire TV Stick 4K (2018 release) purchased within the last 30 days
Your card will be charged immediately, plan starts when device is delivered
Receive a replacement device 2 to 3 days after you make a valid claim
Make up to 3 claims during the term of your warranty
Cancel anytime, full refund in first 90 days
Fully transferable with gifts
No deductibles or shipping fees
Add to Order
Update
HDMI Extension Cable:
$7.49
from
Amazon.com
$7.49
Style:
6-Feet
3-Feet
6-Feet
6-Feet
10-Feet
10-Feet
15-Feet
High-speed HDMI extension cable (male to female) combines audio and video into one convenient cable
Connects your HDTV, Ultra HD (4K) TV, monitor, or projector to a computer, DVD player, Roku, gaming station, or other HDMI-compatible device
Supports HDMI functions, including 3D video, Audio Return Channel (ARC), UHD, HD, HDMI Ethernet Channel (HEC), 48-bit deep color, 32-channel audio, HDCP, and True HD Dolby 7.1 and DTS-HD Master Audio; supports resolutions up to 4Kx2K (UHD) and transfer rates up to 340 MHz or 18 Gbps
30 AWG pure-copper conductors and triple shielding for strength and interference protection; black PVC outer layer and 24K gold-plated HDMI connectors for optimal signal transfer
Ferrite core helps filter out background noise; backed by an AmazonBasics 1-year limited warranty
Add to Order
Update
$19.99
from
Mission Cables
$19.99
Certified "Made for Amazon" accessory eliminates the need to find an AC outlet near your TV by powering Amazon Fire TV 4K directly from your TV's USB port.
Advanced technology includes special power management circuitry that enhances the peak power capability of the USB port by storing excess energy and then releasing it as needed.
Ideal length for conveniently connecting Amazon Fire TV to the TV's side USB/HDMI ports and decluttering your TV area.
Universally compatible with all powered USB ports. The integrated energy storage circuit embedded in the cable enables the use of Amazon Fire TV with any powered USB port.
Compatible with: Fire TV Stick 4K, Fire TV Stick, Fire TV Ultra 4K (pendant shape).
Add to Order
Update
Mission Cables Case for all-new Alexa Voice Remote:
$12.99
from
Amazon.com
$12.99
Color:
Bahama Blue
Certified "Made for Amazon" accessory specially designed to work with All-new Alexa Voice Remote with power and volume controls. Alexa Voice Remote sold separately.
Adds a vibrant and fun color to your remote. Light weight silicone case protects against accidental drops and adds grip to the remote.
Soft, ergonomic design that feels great to the touch. Case design maintains the shape and feel of the Amazon Fire TV Alexa Remote.
Not compatible with Alexa Voice Remote for Fire TV Stick (1st Gen) or the basic Amazon Fire TV Remote.
Add to Order
Update
Blink:
$129.99
from
Immedia Semiconductor, LLC - USA
$129.99
Size:
XT 1 Camera System
XT 1 Camera System
XT 2 Camera System
XT 3 Camera System
XT 3 System + Echo Dot
XT 5 Camera System
XT Camera Add-On
WEATHERPROOF FOR OUTDOOR OR INDOOR USE: Place and move your wireless Blink camera anywhere around your home both inside and out. Start off with a small system and expand to up to 10 cameras on one Blink Sync Module
MOTION DETECTOR: Built-in motion sensor alarm, when motion detector is triggered, Wi-Fi cameras will send an alert to your smartphone and record a short clip of the event to the cloud
BATTERY POWERED SECURITY SYSTEM: Wireless home camera with 2-year battery life, powered by 2 Lithium AA 1.5v non-rechargeable Lithium batteries (included), data is sent from IP cameras over Wi-Fi
SMART HOME VIDEO SECURITY WITH HD VIDEO: Simple self-install home monitoring in minutes; easy to control wireless cameras with the free Blink Home Monitor iOS or Android app (Requires iOS 10.3 or Android 5 Lollipop or higher)
FREE CLOUD STORAGE: Totally wire-free, with no monthly fees or service contract required
Add to Order
Update
from
Amazon.com
$14.99
Slow or weak Wi-Fi connection? Take advantage of the speed and reliability of wired internet.
Easy to set up - simply connect the Amazon Ethernet Adapter into the USB port on your Fire TV and plug in an Ethernet cable directly from your router.
Compatible with Fire TV Stick (2nd Gen), Fire TV Stick 4K, Fire TV Cube, and Amazon Fire TV (3rd Gen, Pendant Design).
10/100 Ethernet
Add Amazon Ethernet Adapter for Amazon Fire TV Devices to your order
from
SquareTrade, Inc.
$7.99
Your Protection Plan will be delivered via e-mail within 24 hours
Only compatible with Fire TV Stick 4K (2018 release) purchased within the last 30 days
Your card will be charged immediately, plan starts when device is delivered
Receive a replacement device 2 to 3 days after you make a valid claim
Make up to 3 claims during the term of your warranty
Cancel anytime, full refund in first 90 days
Fully transferable with gifts
No deductibles or shipping fees
Add 2-Year Accident Protection for Fire TV Stick 4K (2018 release) to your order
Continue
No thanks
Image Unavailable
Image not available forColor:
See what Alexa can do
Fire TV Stick 4K with all-new Alexa Voice Remote, streaming media player
by
|
Amazon's Choice recommends highly rated, well-priced products available to ship immediately.
Amazon's
Choice
for ""
Price:
$49.99
& FREE Shipping.
For a limited time: Buy 2 Fire TV Stick 4K devices, save $15
In Stock.
Ships from and sold by Amazon Digital Services LLC.
Gift-wrap available.
Configuration:
Fire TV Stick 4K
Fire TV Stick 4K
$49.99
Fire TV Stick 4K + Echo Dot
$79.98
Fire TV Recast Bundle
$249.97
The most powerful 4K streaming media stick with a new Wi-Fi antenna design optimized for 4K Ultra HD streaming.
Launch and control content with the all-new Alexa Voice Remote. Watch favorites from Netflix, Prime Video, Hulu, STARZ, SHOWTIME, or CBS All Access, plus stream for free with Pluto TV, IMDb Freedive, and others.
Enjoy brilliant picture with access to 4K Ultra HD, Dolby Vision, HDR, and HDR10+. Experience immersive sound with Dolby Atmos on select Prime Video titles.
Choose from 500,000 movies and TV episodes. Watch favorites from Netflix, Prime Video, Hulu, STARZ, SHOWTIME, CBS All Access, and others.
Fire TV Stick devices have more storage for apps and games than any other streaming media stick.
Experience tens of thousands of channels, apps, and Alexa skills, plus millions of websites like YouTube, Facebook, and Reddit.
Alexa on Fire TV provides the most comprehensive voice experience of any streaming media player—view live camera feeds, check the weather, dim the lights, and stream music.
Amazon Prime members get unlimited access to thousands of movies and TV episodes, plus ad-free listening to millions of songs with Prime Music.
Jump to:
|
90 days FREE
Get
Amazon Music Unlimited with purchase
Smart Speakers
With Screens
Alexa On the Go
Fire Tablets
Kids Edition Tablets
Fire Tablet Show Mode
Streaming Media Players
Accessories
Kindle E-Readers
Kindle Bundles
Blink
Ring
With more power, a lightning-fast processor, support for 802.11ac Wi-Fi, and a new antenna design, Fire TV Stick 4K allows you to enjoy a more complete 4K Ultra HD streaming experience.
Finding 4K Ultra HD content has never been easier on Fire TV—just press and ask, “Alexa, find 4K movies,” or browse recommendations on your home screen. Fire TV Stick 4K has more storage for apps and games than any other 4K streaming media stick.
Now you can control your compatible TV, soundbar, and
receiver with new power, volume, and mute buttons.
Just press and ask to easily find, launch, and control movies and TV shows.
Enjoy stunning 4K Ultra HD streaming at up to 60fps. Experience the vivid, lifelike colors and exceptional clarity of Dolby Vision, HDR 10, HLG, and HDR10+. Feel scenes come to life with immersive Dolby Atmos audio on select Prime Video titles when connected to compatible home audio systems.
Choose from over 500,000 movies and TV episodes. Enjoy favorites from Netflix, Prime Video, Hulu, YouTube, STARZ, SHOWTIME, CBS All Access, and others. Stream live news, sports, and must-see shows, plus thousands of titles in brilliant 4K Ultra HD, HDR, HDR10+, or Dolby Vision.
Listen to songs, playlists, live radio stations, and podcasts through services like Amazon Music, Spotify, and iHeartRadio. Enjoy tens of millions of songs ad-free with an Amazon Music Unlimited subscription. Subscription fees may apply.
Prime membership unlocks a world of entertainment on Prime Video, with exclusive and award-winning Originals, popular movies and TV, live events, sports, and more—all at no extra cost and available to watch on practically any device. Prime members can also add 100+ channels like STARZ, SHOWTIME, HBO, and Cinemax with Prime Video Channels—no cable required, and no additional apps to download.
You only pay for the channels you want, and you can cancel anytime. Each channel starts with a free trial, so it's easy to discover new favorites. Plus, stream millions of songs through Prime Music.
Ask Alexa to view live camera feeds or control lights, thermostats, and other compatible smart home devices with your Alexa Voice Remote. Learn more about compatible smart home devices .
Compare Fire TV Stick devices
Price
$39.99
$49.99
Picture quality
Up to 1080p (HD)
Up to 4K Ultra HD with support for HDR, HDR 10, Dolby Vision, HLG, HDR10+
TV and device control with all-new Alexa Voice Remote
Processor
Quad-core 1.3 GHz
Quad-core 1.7 GHz
Supported audio
Dolby Audio
Dolby Atmos
Ethernet support
With optional Amazon Ethernet Adapter
With optional Amazon Ethernet Adapter
Back to top
Fire TV Stick 4K technical details
Size
99 mm x 30 mm x 14 mm (only housing) | 108 mm x 30 mm x 14 mm (including the connector)
Weight
53.6 g
Processor
Quad-core 1.7 GHz
GPU
IMG GE8300
Storage
8 GB
Wi-Fi Connectivity
Dual-band, dual-antenna Wi-Fi (MIMO) for faster streaming and fewer dropped connections than standard Wi-Fi. Supports 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi networks.
Bluetooth
Bluetooth 5.0 + LE
Voice Support
Yes, with the all-new Alexa Voice Remote (included) or free Fire TV app (available for download on Fire OS, Android, and iOS)
IR Device Control with included all-new Alexa Voice remote
The included all-new Alexa Voice Remote can control the Fire TV Stick 4K and certain functions (such as power and volume) on a wide range of compatible IR-enabled devices, including TVs, soundbars and A/V receivers. Note: Certain functions may not be available on some IR-enabled devices.
Cloud Storage
Free cloud storage for digital content purchased from Amazon
Ports
HDMI output, micro USB for power only
Audio Support
Dolby Atmos, 7.1 surround sound, 2-channel stereo, and HDMI audio pass through up to 5.1. Dolby Atmos is not currently supported on Netflix titles.
4K Support
To watch movies and TV shows in 4K Ultra HD, you need a compatible Ultra HD TV. All services may not be available in 4K/HDR. Certain services are subject to change at any time, may not be available in all areas, or in 4K/HDR, and may require separate subscriptions. .
Content Formats Supported
Video: Dolby Vision, HDR 10, HDR10+, HLG, H.265, H.264, VP9 Audio: AAC-LC, AC3, eAC3 (Dolby Digital Plus), FLAC, MP3, PCM/Wave, Vorbis, Dolby Atmos (EC3_JOC), Photo: JPEG, PNG, GIF, BMP
Output Resolution Supported
2160p, 1080p and 720p up to 60 fps
System Requirements
High-definition television with available high-speed HDMI input, high-speed internet connection via Wi-Fi
TV Compatibility
TV must support minimum HDCP requirements for protected content playback. Compatible with 1) 4K ultra high-definition TVs with HDMI capable of 2160p at 24/25/30/50/60 Hz and HDCP 2.2 or 2) high-definition TVs with HDMI capable of 1080p or 720p at 50/60 Hz. .
Warranty and Service
included. Optional
and
extended warranty available for U.S. customers sold separately. Use of Fire TV is subject to the terms found .
Regional Support
Certain services may not be available outside the U.S.
Accessibility Features
VoiceView screen reader enables access to the vast majority of Fire TV features for users who are blind or visually impaired. Watch videos and TV shows with closed captioning displayed. Captions are not available for all content. .
Included in the Box
Fire TV Stick 4K, , USB cable and power adapter, HDMI extender cable for Fire TV Stick 4K, 2 AAA batteries,
All-new Alexa Voice Remote technical details
Size
38 mm x 142 mm x 16 mm
Weight
43.4 g (without batteries)
Batteries
2 AAA (included)
Technology
Bluetooth and Infrared
Compatibility
Fire TV Stick 4K, , ,
Customer Questions & Answers
4.4 out of 5 stars
By customer groups & interests
TV Shows4.4Electronics4.4Amazon Prime members4.5
Customers in Florida4.5
Is this feature helpful?YesNoThank you for your feedback.
Review this productShare your thoughts with other customers
Customer images
Read reviews that mention
Showing 1-8 of 10,198 reviewsTop ReviewsMost recentTop ReviewsThere was a problem filtering reviews right now. Please try again later.November 5, 2018Configuration: Fire TV Stick 4KVerified PurchaseI received the Fire TV Stick 4K on launch day. I own the previous model and this is a much better experience. First off the remote is a huge improvement. The power button on the remote can turn on my tv, my receiver, fire stick, and switch the inputs automatically so the fire stick is on screen and ready to go with just one click of the power button. It's really nice. This is how it should have been all along. It gets even better though... lets say my TV is already on, and my receiver is set to a different input such as my FIOS tv box? All you do is click the home button on the remote and the remote switches the receiver to the correct hdmi input on the receiver for the fire stick! One remote to rule them all, and yes it controls volume on the receiver too! This is excellent. It's highly configurable. The setup is quite nice. You can define which inputs get picked when hitting the power and home button. You can define which device the volume buttons control. Amazon has done a great job with the Fire Stick 4K.It's faster than previous fire sticks. No more menu lag. Things are smoother and faster overall. I've used Roku, Chromecast Ultra and Fire Stick... I like them all for different reasons. I also dislike chromecast because 5.1 audio will not work on my receiver because chromecast refuses to support Dolby Digital or DTS 5.1. Fire stick has no problem handling DD5.1. This makes my plex and netflix experience much more enjoyable. The remote is better than not having a remote (chromecast). Roku's are very nice as well. All 3 of these options are great in their own way and frankly I had thought fire stick was the least desirable but recently I've come to realize I prefer Fire stick so I pre-ordered the 4K fire stick and I could not be happier with it. Amazon needs to keep up the good work. The 4K stick is a solid product and an excellent upgrade from the previous model
1,473 people found this helpful
November 11, 2018Configuration: Fire TV Stick 4KVerified PurchaseLet me tell you, I was super excited for the launch of the new FireTV Stick with its leading edge technology and processing power.
Well, it’s got that but there’s a couple bug, game breaking problems I have with this thing.1) The Amazon platform is basically retooled Android, which is a crap interface. It’s cluttered, redundant, and Amazon being Amazon wants you to use all their services over everyone else’s so not only does their menu get in the way but the top third of the home screen is promotions for whatever they want to push.2) Also because it’s Amazon they want you to use THEIR streaming services to rent movies so much so that there is no Vudu or Google Play app available to install. If Prime Video had a decent selection of rentals (it doesn’t) or a halfway usable interface (it doesn’t) I would have less of a problem.3) Our FireTV Stick has issues with flickering and sound dropout. Tech support immediately supplied a series of less than helpful troubleshooting tips. “Did you try a different TV? Did you try a different HDMI port?” Despite my Roku working just fine. I elected to return this since I was already fed up with the closed interface and terrible menus.Slightly less of an issue but still annoying is the inability to completely turn off HDR. Its either “always on” or “adaptive” meaning the content dictates HDR which is a problem especially with Netflix (which is calibrated too dark on some TVs)For now I’m happier with my Roku Stick despite less robust HDR support.Edit: updated my review
for the following:- Amazon reached out immediately after my review to get additional feedback and to offer more support. That actually means something these days. I’ll continue to monitor for problems- I upgraded to a new TV and this makes the HDR issue better since it actually looks good on this TV. Problem still stands of not being able to disable HDR entirely if needed- The smart controls feature is nice. I can use Alexa to change TV inputs now.- Less flickering on new tv but still have sound dropoutsHowever my issue with not having a way to watch VUDU/UV movies is a huge issue. On top is that, MoviesAnywhere doesn’t tell you which movies were transferred over in 4K. So while the titles may sync, in cases of certain films (eg Deadpool 2) you only get the HD version and not the UHD/HDR one you paid for. Until this is fixed I’ll leave my review at 3 stars.
782 people found this helpful
November 6, 2018Configuration: Fire TV Stick 4KVerified PurchaseOur main streaming service is DirecTV Now, and this stick doesn't run it right. The app seems to works and then just freezes. When I go to run a speed test, the connection is super low, and then ramps up over time back up to full speed. It's as though the app crashes the stick.
Other things seem to work fine, but not the app we use the most.
Will return and continue to use gen 2 and gen 3 devices. Too bad.UPDATE: So, I deleted DirecTV Now and did a fresh install. For the past three days, things actually worked well and considered revising my rating. Then I tried to watch a little Sunday football. CBS froze over and over again and caused the app to continually crash. Thought maybe it was the local CBS stream because other channels worked fine. Then I tried the Roku I have in my kids room, DirecTV Now worked fine. Figured I'd give it another go for the second game, same result. Watched Rams/Seahawks in my kids room with no issue on the Roku device. Again, other apps seem to work fine (I think) on Fire, but this stick isn't right just yet. I'd wait for problems to work itself out.
645 people found this helpful
Amazon Giveaway
Enter giveaways for a chance to win great prizes! If you want to see and enter all of our current giveaways visit the
page.
Amazon Sellers and Authors create new giveaways every day to promote their products.
This item:Fire TV Stick 4K with all-new Alexa Voice Remote, streaming media player
There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime
Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.
>
Get to Know UsMake Money with Us›Amazon Payment ProductsLet Us Help You
© 1996-2019, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates