Apple TV 4K - Apple
Cancel
Overview
Apple TV 4K.
Cinematic in every sense.
Apple TV 4K lets you watch movies and shows in amazing 4K HDR — and now it completes the picture with immersive sound from Dolby Atmos. It streams your favorite channels live. Has great content from apps like Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, and ESPN.
4K HDR sets a new standard.
4K gives you a crisper picture using four times more pixels than standard HD. High Dynamic Range (HDR) delivers brighter, more realistic colors and greater detail. From the hottest new movie to your favorite TV show, everything is more lifelike than ever.
4K
4K HDR
Dramatization
New
Dolby Atmos. It’s sound, turned up to 360.
Combine Apple TV 4K with a Dolby Atmos–compatible sound system and you’re fully immersed in three-dimensional audio that sends sound around and above you with pinpoint precision. Whether a jet zooms overhead or a torrential downpour erupts, the true-to-life sound puts you inside the action. And as the first streaming player to be both Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos certified, Apple TV 4K brings home the complete cinematic experience.
Tremendous titles in 4K HDR and Dolby Atmos.
Jack Ryan
Apps. How you watch television today.
Apps have liberated television, letting you choose precisely what and when you want to watch. Apps give you access to everything that entertains you — from blockbuster movies, TV shows, and live sports to breaking news and weather.
Amazon Prime Video is the only place you can enjoy critically acclaimed Amazon Prime Original Series and Movies, like The Man in the High Castle and The Big Sick, as well as thousands of other blockbuster movies and hit TV shows. And you get it all with just your Prime membership.
If you want to have hours of guaranteed entertainment, rely on an authentic entertainment expert. Netflix gives you a huge catalogue of movies, documentaries and series, among them are popular productions like Ingobernable and The Defenders.
HBO GO is an on-demand platform with your favorite HBO shows. Enjoy the full seasons of original series like Game of Thrones, Veep, Silicon Valley and Westworld, as well as Hollywood blockbusters, documentaries, special shows and much more.
Prepare to be inspired by TED, the home of thousands of thought-leading TED Talks videos. See what the brightest minds in education, technology, medicine, business and design are saying to drive innovation, feed our curiosity and expand our world.- We’ll be moving Jumanji move in the river, but we have to wait for content. Just so you know.
Control your TV with Touch.
The Apple TV Remote has a precise Touch surface, so you can use your thumb to quickly and accurately find what you want. You can also adjust the volume on your TV or A/V receiver. And thanks to Bluetooth, you don’t have to point your remote at your TV. Apple TV picks up your commands from anywhere in the room.
The App Store. It’s more than just fun and games.
The App Store on Apple TV has something for everyone. From entertainment apps like Netflix and Amazon Prime Video to thousands of top sports, fitness, and lifestyle apps. And, of course, your favorite games. The A10X Fusion chip provides a powerful platform to run every last one of them smoothly and beautifully.
Your photos, videos, and music. It’s all on TV.
Enjoy photos and videos from your iCloud Photos library or shared albums on the big screen. Connect Apple Music to your home theater. And let your friends and family share their photos and videos with AirPlay.
Memories automatically creates collections of your best photos and videos, and Apple TV lets you see them in 4K. If you create Live Photo loops or bounces on your iPhone, you can share those on the big screen, too.
Apple Music gives you access to over 50 million songs — and music videos from the ’80s and ’90s to today’s top artists — all on your Apple TV. So you can use it to power the party or just listen, watch, and discover great music with family and friends.
Let iPhone run the show.
Turn your iPhone into an Apple TV remote.
Once you connect Apple TV to your iPhone or iPad, the Apple TV Remote app is automatically installed in Control Center on your iOS device.
Easily sign in with saved passwords.
Autofill your saved passwords securely from your iOS devices and effortlessly access all your must-see Apple TV apps.
Share photos, presentations, websites, and more.
AirPlay is an easy way for you or your guests to wirelessly share whatever’s on an iOS device in dramatic big-screen fashion.
Control your smart home through Apple TV.
Shut your garage door. Control your home’s heat or air conditioning. Double-check the locks. Apple TV lets you use your iOS device to control HomeKit-enabled accessories remotely with the Home app.
Apple Footer
Not all content is available in 4K or 4K HDR. 4K resolution requires 4K-capable TV. Accessing Dolby Atmos features requires Dolby Atmos-capable devices. Playback quality will depend on hardware and Internet connection.
Subscription may be required to access some content. Live sports subject to blackouts. Title availability is subject to change. Some applications are not available in all areas. Application availability is subject to change.
iCloud requires an iCloud-enabled device. Some features require iOS 12 and macOS Mojave. Some features require a Wi-Fi connection. Some features are not available in all countries or regions. Access to some services is limited to 10 devices.
Apple Music requires a subscription.
Dolby Atmos features may not be available for all titles and languages.
Game of Thrones © 2018 HBO Ole Partners. All rights reserved. Watch Altered Carbon, Lost In Space, The Crown now. Netflix streaming subscription required.
is available on iTunes. Ferdinand © 2018 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
eis available on iTunes. Murder on the Orient Express © 2018 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Watch Sneaky Pete eon Prime Video with Prime membership. Silicon Valley © 2018 HBO Ole Partners. All rights reserved.
is available on iTunes. The Greatest Showman © 2018 FOX. All rights reserved.
is available on iTunes. The Shape of Water © 2018 FOX. All rights reserved. Ballers © 2018 HBO Ole Partners. All rights reserved.
is available on iTunes. Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle © 2017 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. All rights reserved.  is available on iTunes. The LEGO Batman Movie © 2017 WBEI. TM and © DC Comics. © 2017 The LEGO Group. All rights reserved.
Apple TV 4K
Learn
For Business
Account
Apple Values
About Apple
Where to buy: .
Copyright ©
2019
Apple Inc. All rights reserved.