Zmodo Greet - HD Smart WiFi Video Doorbell for Home Security
Search zmodo.com
Nice to meet you! Please .
The new Zmodo smart doorbell that will make sure you never miss another visitor.
As seen on the Harry Show!
Add to Cart
Benefits of 30-Day Cloud Plan$99.9/Year for 1 Camera
Footages are recorded continuously and saved on cloud securely for 30 days. You never lose the footage even if the device got lost.
Footages can be accessed and downloaded to your local storage anywhere within 30 days. You can back up the important clips and share them later.
Buy Zmodo Greet Doorbell and get a free 30-Day Cloud Plan/1 Year Now.
Choose the Plan that's Right for You
Special Introductory Pricing
Basic
Alert Clips for the past 36 Hours
7-DayPlan
7 Days of Continuous Cloud Recordings
7 Days of Alert Clip Storage
Pay Per Camera (Additional Camera Subscriptions 50% off)
30-DayPlan
30 Days of Continuous Cloud Recordings
30 Days of Alert Clip Storage
Pay Per Camera (Additional Camera Subscriptions 50% off)
Answer your door, wherever you are.
See, hear, and speak to your visitors on your smartphone, whether you're at home or on the go. Tell the delivery man to leave the package at the door, and ward off potential burglars looking for an empty home by answering your door from wherever you are. With HD video, smart motion detection, and real-time alerts, it's like you're at home, even when you're not.
Don't miss another moment.
Greet automatically records a 10-second video clip when motion is detected, even when the doorbell hasn't been rung.
Greet answers when you can't.
Record a voice message for your visitors when you don't want to or can't answer a call.
How it works
A visitor rings Greet, and you will receive a call on your smartphone.
How it works
Pick up the call, ignore it, or play a pre-recorded message.
How it works
If you miss the call, Greet will automatically play your pre-recorded message for
your visitor. You can view the missed call at any time from your smartphone.
Pan to get the best angle.
Greet allows you to see visitors anywhere on your porch and adjust your viewing angle in the app.
Set up easily in minutes.
Greet was designed with simplicity in mind. You won't need to do any complicated configuration or setup. Just mount the doorbell and connect it to your home's
existing wiring, download the free Zmodo app, and follow the in-app instructions to set up in minutes.
Connect Greet to your existing doorbell wiring, and wait for it to power on.
Download the free Zmodo app.
Connect to your WiFi, name your device, and your doorbelI is ready to go.
Always stay connected.
Greet gives you control, convenience, and safety right on your smartphone. Whether you're home or away, you can feel confident knowing your home is covered.
Multiple
Users
Multiple Users
Share your device with family members, so that multiple users can receive alerts and calls.
On-Demand Access
Access the camera feed anytime from
the app.
Mobile Push Alerts
Mobile Push Alerts
Receive instant alerts on your mobile
device when motion is detected.
See Your Whole Porch
See Your Whole Porch
With a 155° horizontal angle of view, you can digitally pan to see your visitor no matter where they're standing.
View in
720p HD
View in
720p HD
See every detail in crisp high definition, so that you never miss anything
important.
Certified for Outdoor Use
Never worry about your unit being damaged by heat, humidity, rain, sleet, or snow. It is designed for outdoor use.
Camera
720p HD Color Sensor
155° Angle of View
4x Digital Zoom
Video
HD (720p) 25fps
Audio
Two Way Audio
Internal Mic
Speaker
Night Vision
Up to 10ft
Automatic IR-cut
Alarm &
Notification
Video Alert Clips
Adjustable Notifications and Scheduling
Encryption
256-bit
To protect your privacy, Zmodo apps and Greet devices connect to the Zmodo servers using bank-level AES 256-bit encryption and Transport Layer Security (TLS). All video and pictures are secured with AES 256-bit symmetric-key encryption. Only the customer can decrypt and view the video through approved clients (our mobile and web apps) with their account credentials. The Zmodo Greet also has perfect forward secrecy, using 2048-bit RSA private keys for key exchange with the Zmodo servers. We also employ other security measures to protect private data, such as secure HTTP access (HTTPS) using TLS/SSL, and more.
Connectivity
Requirements
2.4GHZ WPA/WPA2 WiFi Network
iOS (v7.0 or newer) or Android (v4.0 or newer)
Working
Environment
Designed for Outdoor Use
Weatherproof, IP51
Power
10-36VAC
Size
4.92" x 2.36" x 0.98"
125mm x 60mm x 25mm
Weight
0.3lbs
Zmodo Greet
Zmodo Greet