Series GSTC | Carbon Monoxide/Nitrogen Dioxide
Gas Transmitter is compatible with BACnet or Modbus communication protocol. Accounts as an eighth of a load on the MS/TP network. | Dwyer Instruments
English
Español
中国的
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
/
/
/
/ Series GSTC
Series GSTC Carbon Monoxide/Nitrogen Dioxide Gas Transmitter
High Accuracy Electrochemical Sensor, BACnet &
MODBUS® Communication Protocol Compatible
THE SERIES GSTC CARBON MONOXIDE/NITROGEN DIOXIDE GAS
TRANSMITTER monitors the gas concentration in underground parking garages and
loading docks. The carbon monoxide transmitter is used to measure the exhaust of
gasoline engines, while the nitrogen dioxide transmitter is used for diesel engines. The
Series GSTC is compatible with either BACnet or Modbus® communication protocol,
allowing the transmitter to be used with almost any building management controller.
The GSTC output is communicated over an RS-485 wire via BACnet or Modbus®
communication protocol. To maximize the accuracy of the Series GSTC, the sensor
can be field-calibrated using the A-449 remote LCD display. When the sensor reaches
the end of its life, the display will indicate that the sensor needs to be replaced.
BACnet and Modbus® communication protocol recommend limiting the number of
nodes in any segment to 32. Therefore, the transceiver may be rated at one unit load.
Fractional loads are also acceptable. The Series GSTC accounts as an eighth of a
load on the MS/TP network.
Product Applications
Parking Garages
Loading Docks
Mechanical Room Monitoring
Models & Ordering
Filter By
Wall Mount
Duct Mount
Shipping Information
All shipping times are dependent on product availability at time of shipment.
Although we make every effort to ensure a continuous supply of our products, occasional circumstances may force us to temporarily run out of a product, or have shipping delays. Should this occur, customers will be notified soon after placement of any orders for such products and, if applicable, items will be put on backorder. For orders requiring expedited shipment, our customer service team can be contacted to confirm product availability
Sort by
Model Number
Popularity
Model
Description
GSTC-C
Carbon Monoxide Transmitter with BACnet & Modbus Communication
GSTC-C-LCD
Carbon Monoxide Transmitter with BACnet & Modbus Communication with Integral LCD Display
GSTC-N
Nitrogen Dioxide Transmitter with BACnet & Modbus Communication
GSTC-N-LCD
Nitrogen Dioxide Transmitter with BACnet & Modbus Communication with Integral LCD Display
Specifications
Sensor:
Field replaceable electrochemical, 4 years typical lifespan.
Range:
CO: 0 to 500 PPM, NO2: 10 PPM.
Output Drift:
<5% per year in air.
Coverage Area:
5000 to 7500 sq ft typical.
Accuracy:
CO: 2% FS, NO2: 3% FS, at the time of calibration.
Resolution:
CO: 1 PPM; NO2: 0.1 PPM.
Temperature Limits:
-4 to 122°F (-20 to 50°C).
Storage Temperature:
For best sensor life, 32 to 68°F (0 to 20°C).
Humidity Limits:
15 to 90% RH constant; 0 to 99% RH intermittent.
Response Time:
<45 s to 90% CO, <25 s to 90% NO2.
Span and Zero Adjustment:
Via pushbutton, using optional A-449 display. Zero
only via BACnet or MODBUS® communication protocol.
Housing:
UV resistant glass filled polycarbonate.
Output Signals:
BACnet MS/TP, MODBUS® RTU, or MODBUS® ASCII (switch
selectable) communication protocol.
Power Requirements:
10 to 36 VDC or isolated 21.6 to 33 VAC.
Electrical Connection:
Removable terminal block, knock outs for conduit fitting.
Calibration:
Via pushbuttons using A-449 auxiliary display. Span gas
concentration is field selectable.
Enclosure Rating:
IP64.
Weight:
1 lb (0.45 kg).
Agency Approvals:
CE.
Features
Industrial grade replaceable CO or NO2 sensors
Field selectable BACnet or Modbus® communication on GSTC models
Integral LCD display option
Service display tool for set-up and calibration of models without a LCD
Accessories
Model Number
Description
A-449
Remote display with mini USB display.
A-505
Replacement Carbon Monoxide Sensor for the GSTA & GSTC Series, Model CMT200
A-506
Replacement Nitrogen Dioxide Sensor for GSTA & GSTC Series
A-507
Gas calibration kit adapter
Videos
Product Literature
Manuals
Catalog Pages
Product Data Sheet
SlideShare
Approvals
Related Products
Photo Downloads
You must be logged in to view this content. Click
to login to your account.
Product Reviews
Only registered users can write reviews. Please
or
T: +1 800.872.9141 +1 219.879.8000 F: +1 219.872.9057
Copyright © Dwyer Instruments, Inc. All Rights Reserved.