Wireless Motion | Lux Sensor
​
It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.
Search
Wireless Motion | Lux Sensor
Contact Us
Dealer Login
Join Our Newsletter
Body Top
>
> Wireless Motion | Lux Sensor
Comfort in any Environment
No matter how your office space is configured or designed, wireless sensors allow you to easily monitor and control your building environment.
As part of Automated Logic’s wireless sensing line, wireless motion/lux sensors are used to detect motion and light in a space. Because there are no wires to run, they can be added to your building easily.
Wireless sensors work in conjunction with a wireless adapter, which enables wireless communication between the sensors and a
BACnet controller in the space. By sensing temperature, humidity, and occupancy wirelessly, our WebCTRL controllers can make smart decisions to optimize the control of heating and cooling systems in the building, providing optimum occupant comfort and energy efficiency.
Easy to Install
Communicates on the Rnet sensor network, via a wireless adapter
Can be installed up to 60’ away from wireless sensors
Enables wireless sensing on new or retrofit projects
Wireless software included for quick & easy sensor pairing
Available in different frequencies for different parts of the world
Sensing Capabilities
Passive infrared motion sensor ensures reliable detection of occupant presence for occupancy-based control
Integrated light sensor for daylight harvesting strategies
Automated Logic Wireless System Benefits
Wireless and battery-less space sensors
(assuming sufficient lighting exists in space)
Maintenance-free capacitors power the sensors during unlit periods for up to 4-days without a light source
Easy and cost-effective installation
No repeaters or amplifiers required for zone-based applications
Sensors transmit on COV (change of value), to save energy
Integrates seamlessly with WebCTRL alarming for proactive monitoring of important sensor conditions, including:
Sensor backup capacitor charge
Sensor signal strength
Sensor offline
Can co-exist on Rnet with Automated Logic’s
Single-program controllers can support a total of 5 sensors
Multi-program controllers can support up to 15 sensors
Products > Sensors
Sensors
Notes
Set this sensor to detect temperature only or to detect both temperature and humidity, or connect a remote thermistor to monitor temperature in another location.
Enjoy the monitoring features of the Standard sensor, with the addition of a setpoint dial for adjusting room temperature.
This sensor is the complete monitoring package, including temperature and humidity sensing, an onboard passive infrared (PIR) motion sensor, setpoint adjustment and a digital display.
This wireless, self-powered, passive infrared (PIR) sensor is the perfect solution for occupancy-based lighting and temperature control.Motion | Occupancy DetectionLight Level Sensing
Placed on the interior side of any door or window frame, this sensor can detect when doors and windows are opened or closed, providing energy-saving HVAC control.
The wireless adapter enables communication between the wireless sensors and any WebCTRL® controller, allowing it to optimize control of the HVAC and lighting systems in the space.
The ZS sensors are designed to measure room temperature, relative humidity, carbon dioxide and VOCs (Volatile Organic Compounds), and are available in a variety of zone-sensing combinations to address your specific control requirements. Designed to work with ZN, SE and ME controllers, the ZS sensor line includes the ZS Standard, ZS Plus, ZS Pro and ZS Pro-F.
WIRELESS SENSORSGreat products for a better building.
By reading building conditions, you can make smart decisions about how to control the lighting and HVAC in your building. Various control strategies are executed to optimize energy usage and enhance occupant comfort based on the measured conditions.
You’ll be able to monitor sensor data no matter where you are, easily making intelligent decisions at any time. Add the backing of our services and support, network of authorized partners and our wireless solutions takes your network to the next level.
Body Mid Left​
Body Mid Right​
Body Bottom Left​
Address
1150 Roberts Blvd.
Kennesaw, GA 30144
P: 770-429-3000
F: 770-429-3001
|
|
| Automated Logic is part of , a unit of .
© Automated Logic 2018
BACnet® is a registered trademark of ASHRAE
LEED® is a registered trademark of the United States Green Building Council®
This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to use cookies. Find out