Humidity and Temperature Transmitter Series HMW90 ±1.7%RH Wall Transmitters with a Certificate for Demanding HVAC | Vaisala
Refine your search
Search
Product type
Device
Digital
Software
Service
System
Page type
Article
Basic
Blog
Success Stories
Event
Webinar
Industry
Campaign
News
Release
Document type
Application Note
Brochure
Certificate
Datasheet
Financial Report
Infographic
Legacy Configuration Codes
Magazine Article
Manual
Order Form
Presentation
Regulatory Compliance Information
Scientific Paper
Software and Drivers
Success Story
Technical Drawing
Technical Note
Technology Description
Terms and Condition
Vaisala News Article
White Paper
eBook
Items per page
5102050
Secondary navigation
Full navigation
Toggle navigation
Humidity and Temperature Transmitter Series HMW90
Humidity and Temperature Transmitter Series HMW90
±1.7%RH Wall Transmitters with a Certificate for Demanding HVAC
Typical applications are include museums and archives, production and warehouse facilities, data centers, laboratories, and testing environments.
The HMW90 series measures relative humidity and temperature in indoor environments, where high accuracy, stability, and reliable operation are required. The HMW90 is a flexible product family with a variety of options and features, both analog and digital output models are available. The sensors are exceptionally easy to configuration, install, and adjust in the field. Calculated humidity parameters (Td, x, h, Tw, a, T-Td).
The following models are available:
TMW92 T transmitter, current output
TMW93 T transmitter, voltage output
HMW92(D) RH+T transmitter, current output (with display)
HMW93(D) RH+T transmitter, voltage output (with display)
HMW95(D) RH+T digital (BACnet, Modbus) transmitter (with display)
TMW90 T transmitter, configurable analog output model
HMW90 RH+T transmitter, configurable analog/digital model
The HMW90 and TMW90 transmitters are available in two color options: standard white and black.
.
Features
Analog and digital outputs
Easy installation, configuration, and field adjustment
Humidity parameter options: relative humidity, dew point, mixing ratio, enthalpy, wet bulb temperature, dew point depression, and absolute humidity
Full 0 … 100%RH measurement range
Accuracy up to ±1.7%RH
User exchangeable humidity and temperature module
Traceable calibration, certificate included
Available in two colors
+ Show more
Key Benefits
Two output choices
Both analog and digital output models available.
Easy to use
Exceptionally easy configuration, installation, and field adjustment.
Easy maintenance
Field exchangeable measurement modules for easy maintenance.
Watch the video
View this HMW90 installation and calibration video.
Downloads
Customer Stories
Success Story
Best Quality Indoor Air with Vaisala's HVAC Sensors Infosys is the second largest Indian IT consulting company with 200,000 plus employees and...
Success Story
Increasing demand for data processing and storage capacity has led to major companies investing in new facilities that provide web-based...
Services
Footer Navigation
Copyright Vaisala 2019