Body Composition Wi-Fi Scale - Body+ | Withings
By clicking or navigating on this site, you agree to our use of cookies to improve your experience and offer personalized advertising through our partners.
Spring Special 2019: Get up to 40% off our selection of watches.
The Nokia Digital Health business was acquired by Withings co-founder Eric Carreel. The Withings brand will return by the end of 2018.
2-year warranty 30-day returns
Free shipping from € 115
Wi-Fi Synchronization
Baby & pregnancy modes
An ideal health companion
High-accuracy weight and full body composition is just the beginning. Get to know a scale that coaches you, rewards you, and records all data automatically. And with tools at hand such as trend screens and nutrition tracking, you can set goals — and achieve them.
Technology you can trust
Monitoring your weight doesn’t work if you can’t trust your readings. Body+ is the best scale for accuracy.
High accuracy
Body+ gives highly precise measurements of up to 0.1 kg
Position control
A balanced position is necessary to get a good measurement. Body+ uses Position Control technology to help you center your weight easily, with on-screen visual cues.
Gravity compensation
Fun fact: the Earth’s gravity actually varies according to where you are on the globe—up to 400g! Body+ adjusts its measurement to compensate for this phenomenon.
Source
For scales: Data from 36,000 users who weighed in at least 30 distinct weeks within 8 months, and whose weight goal is at least 2kg under the first weight.
Fat mass: Among 18,000 recent users who weighed themselves weekly and wanted to lose at least 5% of their initial weight, 66.5% lose at least 100g in 10 weeks.
More than weight
Body+ lives up to its name by providing insights on more than just weight.
Fat mass
View your fat mass percentage to easily get an idea of your overall health.
Muscle mass
Pinpoint the results of your efforts to get stronger or lose fat.
Water
Stay hydrated and watch out for water retention.
Bone mass
See your bone mass for a more complete picture of your body composition.
Trend
See your weight trends from the last few measurements so you can see the big picture.
See yourself in a better mirror
Every weigh-in appears in the Health Mate app automatically, via Wi-Fi or Bluetooth sync. With your history available 24/7, you can see what works, reinforce positive behaviors and stay focused on your goals.
Nutrition tracking : Knowledge is power
What makes your numbers go up or down? Health Mate gives you perspective.
Fact : Users who set a goal, track nutrition, and step on the scale regularly lose on average 4x more weight.
Howdy partner
Health Mate plays well with others, pairing with more than 100 health and fitness apps. Easily connect with favorite food tracking apps such as MyFitnessPal, Lose It!, and Weight Watchers. Or train for a race with Runkeeper, Runtastic and MapMyRun. Whatever you decide to add to the mix, Health Mate centralizes all your information to help you achieve your goals.
For the whole family
Up to 8 users can be recognized automatically, and each will have their data independently synced to their Health Mate profile.
More reasons to step on
Provide a daily local weather forecast and display the previous day's step (if you use a Withings activity tracker or the app's built-in tracker).
Goes the distance
Body+ will operate for up to 18 months using four standard AAA batteries (included).
Get support during pregnancy
Pregnancy Tracker guides expecting mothers through their pregnancy with health-related, obstetrician-reviewed advice, tips, and personalized weight tracking.
Track your child's growth
Baby Mode empowers parents to easily keep an accurate diary of their child’s growth simply by stepping on the scale while holding their baby in their arms.
Colors to fit your lifestyle new
Get a connected scale in Pastel Sand or Pastel Green for an eye-catching look that’ll enhance your bathroom or bedroom.
Choose your scale color Body+
€ 99.95
Choose your scale color
Face color
Add to cart Body Composition Wi-Fi Scale
Compatible with iOS & Android
- Full body composition analysis: Monitors weight (kg, lb., st lb.), body fat & water percentage, plus muscle & bone mass
- Automatic synchronization: Data from every weigh-in appears in the Health Mate app automatically via Wi-Fi
- Nutrition tracking: Set a weight goal and manage your daily calorie budget
- Daily weather forecast: Step on your scale to enjoy a localized weather report
- Multi-user friendly: Recognizes up to 8 users with independent sync
iPhone 4S and more recent iPod touch 5th generation and more recent iPad 3rd generation and more recent
Android compatibility (5.0 and higher)
Requires Internet access (mobile data or Wi-Fi)
Wireless Sync
Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, compatible with WEP/WPA/WPA2-personal networks Bluetooth connectivity (Bluetooth Smart Ready)
Weight
Four weight sensors Patent-pending body position detector Highly accurate weighing
Body Composition
Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis Athlete and non-athlete mode Unit: body fat %, total body water %, muscle mass kg or lb, bone mass kg or lb
Automatic user recognition
Up to 8 different users
Four weight sensors
Weighing range: 5 -> 180kg (9 -> 396lb)
100g (0.2lb) graduation
Units: kg, lb, st lb
Patented body position detector
Highly-accurate weighing via Position ControlTM technology
Large, high-strength tempered glass platform Paint-free satin white casing Ultra slim design Dimensions: 12.8 x 12.8 x 0.9 in. / 327x327x23mm
Display
Large, easy-on-the-eye graphical display (2.4”x1.6”), 128x64 pixels High-contrast lighting Weight units: kg, lb, st lb
Storage and memory
Free and unlimited online storage of weight readings Stores up to 16 readings if scale cannot sync wirelessly
Power supply
4x 1.5V Alkaline cells (AAA) Average battery lifetime of 18 months
Body+ 4x 1.5V Alkaline cells (AAA)
To securely store your data and make it readily available Download your data at any time, free of charge
Subscribe today to be the first to know when sales open. Enter a valid e-mail addressSubscribeKeep me informedWe'll let you know as soon as it's available.Close
"Ultimate high tech motivator"
Bailiwick
Find the perfect product for all your needs Body CardioAn advanced Wi-Fi scale that delivers full body composition, exclusive heart health metrics, and seamless tracking in the Health Mate app.
Steel HRThe watch that tracks activity, sleep, and heart rate for up to 25 days.
From € 179.95€ 125.97
BodyA Wi-Fi scale that features weight, BMI, and automatic sync to the Health Mate app, where you can view trends and find extra motivation to reach your goals.
You will be provided with a Nokia branded product. Don’t worry—the product is exactly the same and the guarantee applies on both Nokia and Withings products. If you absolutely want a Withings branded product, sign up to be the first one to know when it will be available:
At Withings we have a healthy respect for privacy.