H3 Espresso | HUMAX-United Kingdom
H3 Espresso
Multi-room TV without an aerial
Stream live TV & your recordings to the H3 Espresso
The perfect partner for the Humax FVP-5000T
A new way to watch live TV and online entertainment.
The Perfect multi room solution when combined with the FVP-4000T PVR
Multi-room TV without an aerial!
Partner the H3 with any Humax Freeview Play PVR and stream recorded content and live TV via the PVR’s hard drive utilising its 3 tuner capacity.
The Espresso is the simple way to view free live to air on any TV without an aerial!
When partnered with a Freeview Play FVP-4000T PVR the Espresso will view live TV from one of the FVP’s built in three tuners. Not only that all your recorded programmes can also be viewed via Espresso given you multi-room TV in any room you choose! If you don’t have a Freeview Play PVR don’t worry your Espresso can still deliver a wealth of Free TV content with our built in apps via the internet.
*Download the app ‘HUMAX Cast’ on your iPhone (iOS7 or later) or Android mobile.
View the best in Video on Demand!
Extend your viewing enjoyment with the UK’s most popular Video on demand services with our built in apps for Netflix*, YouTube and TV Player**. These free and paid for services offer the widest range of the most exciting films and up to date TV programmes. Take advantage of the free trial offers within the box or on-line.
*Netflix Steaming Membership Required -30 Free Day Trail Included
**Two months free subscription to TV Player with in the box voucher!
View the best in Video on Demand!
Extend your viewing enjoyment with the UK’s most popular Video on demand services with our built in apps for Netflix*, YouTube and TV Player**. These free and paid for services offer the widest range of the most exciting films and up to date TV programmes. Take advantage of the free trial offers within the box or on-line.
*Netflix Steaming Membership Required -30 Free Day Trail Included
**Two months free subscription to TV Player with in the box voucher!
The Best Way To Watch Netflix
From the most talked about TV shows and original programming, including Luke Cage, Orange Is The New Black, Narcos, and House of Cards to the latest must-see blockbusters. Netflix brings you a world of entertainment to your Humax box. Try today with a 30 day FREE trial.
TVPlayer
TVPlayer is a live TV streaming service that lets you watch all your favourite shows online, on mobile and tablet. Over 99 channels are available, including 25 premium channels not on Freeview or Freesat.
TVPlayer
TVPlayer is a live TV streaming service that lets you watch all your favourite shows online, on mobile and tablet. Over 99 channels are available, including 25 premium channels not on Freeview or Freesat.
Media Player
Browse, access and play all your media content regardless of file type from your Home Networking connected devices. Play content directly from your mobile, tablet, laptop or other devices on your HDTV on the same network. Media Player supports network protocols including Samba, FTP and WebDAV.
Alternatively insert a USB and play back your collections of videos, photos and music!
Wireless Display
Cast your mobile device* screen onto a big TV screen for maximum enjoyment. Show off your photo’s movies in full size or listen to music files in the comfort of your living room with family and friends.
*H3 supports Android at present.
Wireless Display
Cast your mobile device* screen onto a big TV screen for maximum enjoyment. Show off your photo’s movies in full size or listen to music files in the comfort of your living room with family and friends.
*H3 supports Android at present.
Easy to use on screen Programme Guide
Once connected to the FVP-4000T you can use the Built in Electronic Programme Guide to easily view and record programmes using the three tuners and hard drive in the FVP-4000T.
Industry Design Awards
Our stylish and compact H3 Espresso with its wood effect top and slim black base has been awarded the prestigious IF Award, reddot Award for its stunning design and engineering excellence.
Industry Design Awards
Our stylish and compact H3 Espresso with its wood effect top and slim black base has been awarded the prestigious IF Award, reddot Award for its stunning design and engineering excellence.
Enjoy beautiful HD picture quality
Full HD 1080p HEVC built inside for pin sharp viewing pleasure.
Excellent Connectivity
Wi-Fi built in for wireless connection to your home network, Bluetooth inside for sharing content from connected devices. HDMI socket for simple connection to your TV and SPDIF for high quality audio. The Ethernet socket is also available for wired connection if your wireless network weak. The USB 2.0 input will let you see and hear videos, photos and music files directly.
Excellent Connectivity
Wi-Fi built in for wireless connection to your home network, Bluetooth inside for sharing content from connected devices. HDMI socket for simple connection to your TV and SPDIF for high quality audio. The Ethernet socket is also available for wired connection if your wireless network weak. The USB 2.0 input will let you see and hear videos, photos and music files directly.
Simple Easy Set Up
Have your H3 Espresso up and running in a matter of minutes simply connect to the power socket connect the HDMI to your TV and power up the step by step on screen guide will ensure your enjoying Free TV and IP content in minutes!
Humax Eye IP Camera compatibility
Watch recordings from your Humax Eye IP Cloud camera from the comfort of your own sofa with the built in Humax Eye app.
Humax Eye IP Camera compatibility
Watch recordings from your Humax Eye IP Cloud camera from the comfort of your own sofa with the built in Humax Eye app.
Bobbles TV
Imagine you were just one click away from home. Imagine you could watch your favourite TV shows and movies.
Stay in touch with home! bobbles.tv delivers your favourite TV channels, shows and movies from your home country – Live TV and 7 day catch-up TV.
With H3, enjoy the best entertainment from home with a bigger TV screen. It’s never been so easy! Simply sign up on bobbles.tv and start your free 30 day trial and you can cancel your subscription any time. Nobody else makes home seem so close.
*India Package not available in the UK
*Middle East & Philippines package coming soon
Peace of Mind
All Humax products come with a full 12 month parts and labour warranty which can be extended by another year by registering your purchase details within the box or on line at:
Do remember to keep your original receipts for proof of purchase.
For further information please contact Humax Customer Support
(Email: uksupport@humax-digital.co.uk / Tel: 0344 318 880)
Related Products
Bobbles TV
Stay in touch with home! bobbles.tv delivers your favourite TV channels, shows and movies from your home country – Live TV and 7 day catch-up TV.
NETFLIX
Netflix is a member-based streaming video service offering a number of television shows and films for its members. Netflix has a variety of sections including comedy, drama, children, documentary and original programming sections.
YouTube
YouTube is the largest online video sharing platform. Users create accounts and upload videos. Most of the content is free; however, there are channels that charge a fee for streaming movies and showing live events.
TVPlayer
TVPlayer is a live TV streaming service that lets you watch all your favourite shows online, on mobile and tablet.
Over 99 channels are available, including 30 premium channels not on Freeview.
TuneIn
TuneIn Radio offers over 100,000 radio stations to its users which include music, sports, news, talk shows and many more categories.
Arirang TV
Arirang TV broadcasts news, entertainment, documentaries, cultural and educational shows to more than 188 countries around the world. This app offers a number of great shows, an access to live and the Hot Clip VOD service. The Arirang app is set to enthrall Humax owners everywhere with the very best of the Korean Wave.
My Classic LP
Enjoy all the unforgettable classical music on TV.
SlideShare
SlideShare began with a simple goal: To share knowledge online.
Since then, SlideShare has grown to become the world’s largest community for sharing presentations and other professional content.
This application allows you to easily view presentations, infographics, documents, videos, PDFs, and webinars through your TV screen.
TECH SPECS
Feature
Wireless Display
Yes
Multi-room TV without an aerial
Yes
FTP
Yes
Samba
Yes
System
DMIPS
9000
Flash
eMMC 4GB
Memory
DDR3 1GB
Connectivity
Tuner
Wi-Fi
Yes - Built-in
Wi-Fi Antenna
2T2R
Ethernet
10/100T
Bluetooth
BT 4.0
zigbee
Remote
IR remote
I/O
HDMI (out)
1 x 1.4a
S/PDIF
1 x optical
Audio DAC
Micro USB
USB 2.0
1 x USB (side)
USB 3.0
Micro SD
Display
1 x LED
Button
Ethernet
1 x Ethernet
Power
Power
12V/ 1.5A
Accessory
Remote
Yes
Battery
2 x AAA
Q-guide
Yes
HDMI cable
Yes
OS
Android ver.
Kitkat 4.4.2 (AOSP)
Security
ARM Trust Zone(TEE) – Secure Boot, Secure Video Path, HDCP 2.2 for Wireless Display
UI/UX
HUMAX own UI
OSD
720p
CAS
CAS
DRM
Playready
Playready 2.0
Marlin
Video
Decode
H.265 / H.264 AVC / MPEG1&2 / VC-1 / WMV / VP8
Aspect Ratio
4:3, 16:9
Resolution
up to 1080p 60fps
Audio
Decode
MPEG-1 Layer, AAC, Dolby AC3
Audio format
PCM (decompressed stereo), Compressed Dolby Digital (5.1)
Photo
Decode
Energy information
On-Mode Power Consumption
3.81W
Standby Power Consumption
1.2W (Network STBY Only)
Approx. Annual Power Consumption
12.81kWH/year
Physical Specification
Size (W x H x D) mm
95 x 18 x 95
Weight
186g
Giftbox Dimensions (w x h x d) mm
118 x 191 x 97
Giftbox Weight Product Included
648g
VIDEOS
Humax H3 Espresso Smart Media Player
User Manuals
Warranty Registration
Contact Us
FAQ
I can also play the recordings I made on my Freeview Play recorder on the HUMAX H3?If you have Humax Freeview Play recorder (FVP-4000T) connected to the same network as the Humax H3, you will be able to access all your recordings in another room. You can even set a recording from your H3.
You can also contact HUMAX Support Helpdesk via
or by phone from Monday / Friday at 0344 318 8800
Opening times: 9am - 5:30pmCan I extend the internal memory of the HUMAX H3?The H3 has enough memory for commonly used apps. The internal memory is not expandable.Can I use my photos, music, videos from my phoneIf you have an Android device, you can mirror your mobile screen on to your TV. This feature is not currently available for iOS.Can I transfer pictures, music and videos from another device playback on the HUMAX H3?You can play all your media contents on the big screen but there is no storage facility for these media files. You can play back your media files via USB port or DLNA media player.Does the H3 Espresso support Dolby Digital?Absolutely! Where available this device fully supports Dolby Digital. Your H3 supports the most widely used Dolby Digital format.Can I watch Netflix on the HUMAX H3?Yes, this device support Netflix but you will need subscription for the service.Can I add apps yourself on the HUMAX H3 which are not in the store?The H3 has great selection of Humax approved Apps and we continue update and improve one these. For security reasons and reliability of the box, we only suggest you use the approved Apps.Can I use the HUMAX H3 even when Wi-Fi hotspot?Yes, you can use Wi-Fi hotspot. However, for the most stable connection we always recommend connecting via Ethernet cable. If you still prefer Wi-Fi hotspot simply go through the VPN menu, choose to make Tethering and portable hotspot.Why can I not control the sound when I use the HUMAX Cast App on my Android phone?There is currently no audio control via the Humax Cast App. And we always recommend you use the remote control provided.Can I connect the HUMAX H3 to my stereo?By connecting your H3 via HDMI you will get fantastic sound. However, if you want to little extra, this device also supports the optical digital output.Do I need an antenna cable for the HUMAX H3?No Aerial or Satellite required. The H3 streams from the Internet, wirelessly with Dual Band Wi-Fi built-in, so connecting to your home broadband couldn’t be easier, giving you live TV. This means that you can use H3 to upgrade any TV in the house to a smart media player.How long will the Apps work?At Humax, we are always working to bring you best contents so you may find some Apps will be regularly updated or removed.How long will the Apps work?At Humax, we are always working to bring you best contents so you may find some Apps will be regularly updated or removed.Which apps are in the HUMAX store?There are additional entertainment and lifestyle apps available via the Humax portal (myhumax.net).How can I control the HUMAX H3?There are two ways to fully control your H3 espresso box.
1. Elegant and minimalist remote control providing easy navigation of key features.
2. Dedicated Humax cast app which is available on both iOS & Android (Just search for Humax)How do I connect the HUMAX H3 on my TV?Setting up your H3 is easy!1. Connect HDMI cable from your box to your TV2. Connect power supply3. Wi-Fi connect your home Wi-Fi network, select network. Enter your password. (usually found on router)4. When Wi-Fi is unavailable we recommend Ethernet connection.5. Relax & enjoy!Supplied all the cables?Both HDMI & power cable are included in the box.In case of pairing failure?If you see the message ‘unable to connect’ when you enter your password, try selecting show password option before entering password.How do I pair my FVP-4000T?1. Before paring your devices, you must ensure they are connected in same network.2. Choose Live TV in the HUMAX plus section3. If the devices are connected to same network, you should be able to see the name of your STB.4. Choose ‘add channels’Do I need an Internet connection for the HUMAX H3?Yes!! Your H3 is streaming device so internet connection is a must. We recommend Ethernet connection as well as Wi-FiWhat can I do with the HUMAX H3?HUMAX H3, turns your TV into a Smart TV.This smart box gives you access to entertainment apps such as TV player and YouTube. You can also enjoy hours of TV, drama, movies and BOXSETs of your favourite series via Netflix. (Subscription required). And if that’s not enough, browse the web, listen to countless podcasts and internet radio streams.  “EYE” integration for easy review and monitoring via the cloud.
Copyright © 2019 HUMAX Electronics Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
This site uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to browse this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.