Tablo DUAL LITE OTA DVR | Over The Air (OTA) DVR | Tablo
Toggle navigation
Tablo DUAL LITE OTA DVR
Tablo DUAL LITE OTA DVR
The Tablo DUAL LITE Over-The-Air (OTA) DVR is designed for cord cutters who want to record and stream up to two free broadcast channels from their HDTV antenna, as well as the flexibility to choose the recording storage option that works best for them.
Features
The Tablo DUAL LITE OTA DVR for Cord Cutters features:
A Tablo DUAL LITE OTA DVR can stream or record up to two live OTA TV channels at once.
Tablo is the only OTA DVR that offers WiFi in addition to Ethernet to give cord cutters the flexibility to place their TV antenna where it will get the best OTA reception.
Watch your favorite live and recorded TV shows on to up to six internet-connected devices inside and outside your home.
Bring your own storage: Connect a USB hard drive (up to 8TB) to your Tablo to record up to 4000 hours of full quality HDTV or try Cloud DVR Service.
Tablo OTA DVRs enable passthrough of 5.1 surround sound, when available.
How It Works
Unlike traditional DVRs that are tethered to a single TV with an HDMI cable, Tablo does not feature an HDMI connection.
A network-connected DVR, Tablo is a whole-home-DVR and placeshifter combined that uses WiFi or Ethernet to stream live and recorded HDTV content to Tablo
on all the connected devices inside your home or anywhere you have high-speed internet.
What You Need
To set up your Tablo DUAL LITE OTA DVR you need:
An
An
A  OR
- this is required both for watching live TV and recording
A WiFi-enabled computer (Chrome/Safari browser) OR a mobile device (iPad/iPhone w/iOS7+ OR Android smartphone/tablet w/Android 4.1+)
To watch Tablo content on your big screen, you'll need one of these:
A Smart TV powered by: Roku, Amazon Fire TV, or Android TV, or most LG WebOS 2.0 and 3.0 or Samsung TIZEN operating systems;  OR
A Set-Top-Box/Streaming Media Device: Roku, or Amazon Fire TV, or AppleTV, or Nvidia SHIELD, or Xiaomi MiBox;  OR
A Streaming Stick: Roku Stick, or Amazon Fire TV Stick, or a Chromecast dongle (casting from an Android device or Chrome browser);  OR
A Gaming System: Nvidia SHIELD, or XBox One;  OR
An HDMI-enabled computer: Tablo web app in Chrome/Safari
Subscriptions
Tablo DUAL LITE OTA DVRs include a free 30-day trial of our  as well as our
for those who choose not to connect a .
Once your trial is complete, you can choose to use Tablo without a TV Guide Data Subscription if you don't plan to use the Cloud DVR Service. However, to enjoy the full Tablo experience, a subscription to our optional Guide Data Service is recommended no matter what type of recording storage you choose.
For a small monthly fee, our guide data provides the beautiful cover art, episode and series synopses and metadata that make it easy for cord cutters like you to browse content and set recordings on your Tablo through our various . A subscription also enables some of Tablo's cooler features like
for out-of-home streaming. Learn more about Tablo's
and ...
Setup
It's easy to start enjoying free Over-the-Air TV with a Tablo DUAL LITE OTA DVR. Here's how:
Connect your
Connect a  OR add
- required both for streaming live TV and recording
Connect Tablo to your Home Network - via
Connect the Power Adapter
For help with antenna selection and positioning, a list of recommended , additional set-up instructions, and troubleshooting tips visit .
Specifications
What's Included:Tablo DUAL LITE OTA DVR
Power Supply
4' Ethernet Cable
Quick Start Guide
Concurrent Streams:Watch and record up to two shows simultaneously.
Watch on up to six devices at once.
Storage:No onboard storage
Support for up to 8TB USB hard drive
Ports:Power
Ethernet 10/100
USB 2.0
Coax
Processing:512 MB RAM
8 GB Flash
Networking:100 Mbps Ethernet
802.11ac dual band WiFi with MIMO
Dimensions:Height - 37 mm (1.46")
Width - 125 mm (4.93")
Depth - 123 mm (4.84")
Weight:200 g (7.4 oz)
Video Format:H.264 (HLS: HTTP Live Streaming)
FAQs
When you buy Tablo OTA DVR we include the Tablo DVR, a power adapter, an ethernet cable, and a Quick Start Guide. Every Tablo OTA DVR comes with a free 30-day trial of the Tablo Guide Data Subscription so you can try out some of the cooler features Tablo has to offer. Tablo apps are available as free downloads and you can find information and links to all of them on our  page.
No, Tablo OTA DVRs do not have an HDMI connection. Instead, Tablo streams live TV and recordings over your home network to
connected to your TV like streaming set-top-boxes and gaming systems. You can also use the Tablo web app with an HDMI-enabled computer connected to your TV, or directly on Smart TVs powered by Roku, Android TV or most LG WebOS 2.0 and 3.0 operating systems.
The main difference between the DUAL LITE and Tablo DUAL DVR is that the DUAL LITE does not include any onboard storage, but DUAL LITE does include an upgraded 802.11a/c WiFi connection.
Yes, if you choose not to use the
for recording storage. But to enjoy the full Tablo experience, a subscription to our optional guide data service is recommended no matter what type of recording storage you choose. Without a Tablo subscription, you can still watch live TV and set manual recordings by date/time/channel but one-touch and series recordings, cover art, and advanced features are only available with active subscriptions. Read more about using Tablo without a subscription on the  page or the
page.
Yes! All Tablo hardware OTA DVRs do support passthrough of . To learn more about this, visit the .
Yes! Tablo supports
on the majority of its platforms including iOS smartphones and tablets, Android smartphones and tablets, Roku, Android TV, Amazon Fire TV, Apple TV and the web app at . You can read more about Tablo's closed captioning support on the .
No. Legal and technical reasons prevent Tablo from recording content from sources other than an ATSC OTA TV antenna. You can read more about this on the .
No. Tablo is designed to record and stream Over-The-Air (OTA) broadcast signals from ATSC TV antennas. We do not support recording from cable or satellite signals, cableCARDs, or clear/unencrypted cable (QAM).
Yes. You DO need internet access to use Tablo Over-the-Air DVRs. Like many modern gadgets, Tablo is a network-connected device, designed to have consistent high-speed internet access and will not function optimally without it.
You can read more about this on the .
Stay tuned to Tablo news and offers
© 2019 Nuvyyo Inc.