TiVo BOLT VOX | Replace your Cable Box DVR with a Unified Entertainment System
Main Navigation for TiVo
×
Toggle Main Navigation
TiVo BOLT VOX
TiVo BOLT VOX™
Search your live TV, DVR and streaming apps with the power of your voice.
Search your live TV, DVR and streaming apps with the power of your voice.
However you're watching, watch it better.
No more switching inputs or juggling remotes, TiVo BOLT VOX works with your cable service or HD antenna to bring live, recorded and streaming TV together in one powerful 4K-compatible device. Use your voice to easily find, watch and record your favorite shows, launch popular streaming apps and access TiVo’s time-saving, fan-favorite features that supercharge your TV experience. Like SkipMode®, which lets you zip past ads with a tap, and OnePass™, which finds every available episode of any series.
Note: 1 terabyte (TB) of recording capacity translates to approximately 150 hours of HDTV recording capacity. Built-in tuners can be used to record multiple TV programs at the same time, or to view multiple TV programs on different TVs in your household when paired with a TiVo Mini or TiVo Mini VOX.
Say it - Find it - Watch it. BOLT VOX brings it all together.
Use your TiVo VOX Remote to search across live TV, your DVR recordings and streaming apps like Netflix, Amazon, Hulu and more to easily find and watch what you’re looking for. OneSearch scours multiple platforms and services, so your search experience is always fast, simple and seamless. No more drilling down into each app and doing multiple hunt-and-seek searches. Using the included VOX Remote, just say “I want James Bond movies with Daniel Craig” or “Show me Batman by Christopher Nolan” or other similar commands to easily find shows and movies by title, actor or director, all by speaking into your remote!
Use your voice to watch them all.
Say, “Create OnePass” and the name of your favorite TV series into your TiVo VOX Remote and TiVo’s OnePass feature tracks down every available season and episode — whether it's on television or a streaming app — and creates a customized watchlist for you. OnePass lets you catch up on early seasons from rebroadcasts and online sources, then automatically records current and upcoming episodes and adds them to your list to let you view them in order.
Just say “Skip it.”
Your voice can now enable TiVo’s SkipMode feature. Only with TiVo can you tell your remote to “Skip It” and you can skip entire commercial breaks. No more waiting for your recorded show to resume or fumbling to fast forward through the commercial breaks. SkipMode works with the top 20 live TV channels, including ABC, CBS, NBC, Fox and many more. The next time you want to skip the commercials, just say so.
Watch more, faster with QuickMode®.
QuickMode zips you through your recorded shows 30% faster than normal speed with pitch-corrected audio. You zoom along and nobody sounds like a caffeinated chipmunk. It's the ideal way to power through slow-moving news shows, talk shows, political debates and more. QuickMode even works for live shows that are being captured in the live TV buffer.
A remote control that never gets lost.
Whether you’re across the room or behind a wall, TiVo’s unique Bluetooth® remote gives you control over your TiVo BOLT VOX, even if it's far away or tucked behind a cabinet door. And if your remote gets misplaced, the TiVo BOLT VOX helps you find it – just press the "Remote Finder" button on the BOLT VOX and your remote beeps to alert you to its location.
The Tru Multi Room™ Experience
You don’t spend all of your time in one room, so why should your entertainment? TiVo BOLT VOX lets you expand your viewing experience beyond the living room – seamlessly – no matter what screen you happen to have in front of you. Fire up your mobile device, flip open your laptop or create a whole-home 4K Ultra HD solution with a TiVo Mini VOX in every room. And, when paired with your TiVo BOLT VOX, wherever there’s a Mini VOX in your house, there’s your same voice control, so simplicity is always within earshot.
The TiVo BOLT VOX™ mobile experience lets you control and watch television anywhere.
Compare TiVo BOLT VOX™ with other boxes.
A lot of different boxes give you access to apps and streamers, but the TiVo BOLT VOX includes the ultimate voice remote that delivers personalized results from searches across your live TV, DVR and streaming content.
Competitive Features
TiVo BOLT VOX
Comcast X1
Time Warner
OneSearch - search broadcast TV and streaming content all at the same time
SkipMode - skip commercial breaks with a single button
QuickMode - watch shows 30% faster with pitch perfect audio
Watch shows on all your screens via iOS & Android apps and TiVo Online
Cast shows from your mobile device to TV
Watch & record cable TV channels
Storage(Simultaneous recording)
1TB/
500GB
500GB
500GB
Tuners
Up to 6
5
4
4K Ultra High Def
Plex App: Access content from your computer
Remote Finder
RF Remote
Tech Specs
Inputs/Outputs
Remote Finder
Coax (digital cable, ATSC, MoCA)
(TiVo BOLT VOX  1 TB & 3TB do not support ATSC)
Optical audio out
Audio L/R
HDMI 2.0 / (4K, 1080p 24/60)
Ethernet port: 1 0 / 1 0 0 / 1 0 0 0 Mbps
USB 2.0 ports (2)
External storage port (eSATA)
Power: 12V
CableCARD™ slot
(CableCARD not required for HD Antenna).
Dimensions and Weight
TiVo BOLT VOXTM
Specifications
Recording Capacity
75 or 150 HD hours
Hard drive size
500GB or 1TB
Video output
480i, 480p, 720p, 1080i, HDMI: 1080p, 4K UHD
Power
12V
Ethernet port
1 0 / 1 0 0 / 1 0 0 0 Mbps
Coax connector
Yes
Optical audio out
Yes
Analog audio
Yes
External storage port (eSATA)
Yes
USB 2.0 ports
2
CableCARD slot
Yes
Built-in WiFi (AC dual band, N, G, B, A)
Yes
TV Source
TiVo BOLT VOX do not work with Satellite, Google Fiber and AT&T U-verse
Digital cable and Verizon FIOS
Internet Connection
Built-in wireless
Ethernet port
Coax/built-in MoCA bridge
Product Compatibility
Works with TiVo Mini and TiVo Mini VOX
Connects to other TiVo DVRs
iOS and Android app for mobile viewing and management
Expandable storage (eSATA)
Cable TV set up
Insert and pair a CableCARD™ with TiVo BOLT VOX.
(Call your cable provider to order and pair the CableCARD).
Connect your coax, HDMI and power cables.
Turn on your TV and follow the quick and easy ​Guided Setup​ instructions on the screen.
HD antenna set up
Connect an HD antenna to TiVo Bolt Vox.
Connect the Ethernet and power adaptor.
(Don’t connect Ethernet if using WiFi setup).
Use the TiVo remote to go through the guided setup on your TV.
Ad Choice