Fully Programmable Bacnet Boiler Room Controller - Bravo Controls
Currency:
USD
CAD
CNY
WOOCS 2.2.7.1
Language:
All Categories
Controllers
Bacnet Controllers
Expansion I/O
PC
PWM
Converters
Power Meter
CTs
Single Phase Meter
Wattnode meter
Sensors
Flow
Fluid Level Switch
Occupancy
Pressure
Temperature Sensors
Current Sensors
C02, Hum, AQ
Thermostats
Communicating Stats
Stand Alone Thermostats
Thermostat covers
Weather Station
OEM
Relays
Valves
Electrical
Damper Motors
Categories
All Categories
Fully Programmable Bacnet Boiler Room Controller
Fully Programmable Bacnet Boiler Room Controller$135.00
Part number : BC
Stock :
1 in stock
Qty
-
+
Add to cart
The CM5 Boiler Room Controller is a fully programmable Bacnet controller for radiant heating and more.
Product Highlights:
Easy installation, panel mounts on the wall with no external enclosure required
Screwless terminals for low voltage i/o
High voltage pumps connect directly no external relays to install & wire
Transformer, fuse & termination all in one box
Baseplate is passive, all electronics are in the removable lid
No messy connections, 94 terminals total
10 pluggable relays for low or line voltage switching
16 universal inputs, 0-5V, 0-10V, thermister software configured.
8 digital inputs(24V AC) or 8 RS485 stats which can be adjusted by jumper
8 thermostats direct connect over RS485, more via subnet or by adding more boiler controllers.
Fully programmable, do your own sequence and logic.
Open source front end software, free download and no licensing fees
Supports Bacnet over ethernet TCP and RS485 MSTP
Modbus over IP and RS485 RTU
This Boiler Room Controller is fully programmable and can manage any arbitrary collection of boilers and pumps in a typical hydronic application. It is well suited to radiant heating of up to eight zones in a simple stand alone application or can be networked into much larger systems. It sets a new benchmark in the price/performance category, bringing full-fledged building automation features to a whole new class of smaller buildings. Access homes & buildings from a PC or over the net to monitor performance, increase comfort all while saving energy. Integrate into Tridium/Niagara and other existing Bacnet systems for full enterprise management.
Add your own programming in the easy to use ‘Control Basic’ language, here’s a couple simple lines which turn on a pump when the outside temp gets cold. Programs read almost like a sequence of operations and can be managed by the building operator without calling in expensive support:
10 IF OUTSIDE TEMP < 50F THEN START CICRPMP
20 IF OUTSIDE TEMP > 52F THEN STOP CIRCPMP
Each controller supports up to 8 thermostats, either over the RS485 network or for legacy mechnaical stats, using a dry contact 24vac input. Each controller also supports up to 16 universal input sensors such as 10k thermistors, (Type 2 and 3) , dry contacts, analog signals and 4-20ma transducers.  The CM5 supports BOTH the Modbus and Bacnet protocols on BOTH the RS485 twisted pair and the Ethernet LAN port.
Typical Wiring:
System Structure:
Weight
3.5 kg
Related Products
Product added!
The product is already in the wishlist!
$125.00 – $266.00
Availability: In stockOut of stock
The T3 series Bacnet programmable controller is a low cost performer with big system features. There are three versions with various I/O configurations and can be expanded with external i/o modules to form a complete building automation solution.
Address:
4416 South Parkside Court Spokane, WA, Washington, US 99223
Phone:
(509) 204-7060
Email:
My Account
Newsletter
OK
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Copyright © 2019 BravoControls, All Rights Reserved.