EMFIT
| SLEEP AND RECOVERY MONITOR WITH HRV
Emfi, Emfit, EMFIT QS, QS Quantified, QS+CLINICAL, QS+CARE, QS+ACTIVE, QS+RESEARCH, QS SERVICE, Sensing What Matters, QS Quantified logo, and Emfit logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of Emfit Ltd in EU, USA, China and other countries.  © Emfit Ltd 2004-2019. All rights reserved. Patents granted and pending for. All specifications are subject to change without prior notice.
Designed and manufactured in FinlandQS+ACTIVE™
Sleep and Recovery Monitor for the Active Life
Your Heart-Rate-Variability Shows Your Recovery and Readiness
EMFIT QS+ACTIVE™ is the only contact-free health monitor on the market that can provide whole night heart-rate-variability for recovery and readiness analysis. This is why today it is the preferred choice for so many professional athletes and other active and busy people who like to follow their daily load and nightly recovery.
EMFIT QS+ACTIVE™ gives you a detailed description of your sleep quality and progression of recovery. With this data you can make well-educated choices for daily workouts, meetings and other important events. You know better when you can keep pushing and when you need take it easier.
There’s absolutely nothing to wear and no need to turn equipment on and off. When you go to sleep it automatically starts measuring and in the morning after you leave the bed, the data is available for deep insight from your smartphone, tablet or computer.
“EMFIT QS allows me to optimize my training potential by providing a baseline HRV, enabling me to control and manage the ideal balance between training and rest.”
​
Teemu Lemmettylä
Professional TriathleteHOW DOES EMFIT QS+ACTIVE WORK?EMFIT QS relies on ballistocardiography, a technique for sensing the sudden ejection of blood into the great vessels with each heart beat, and breathing movement analysis.Emfit’s proprietary ferro-electret sensor technology is super sensitive and thus allows placement even under a very thick memory foam mattress.
The electro-active material itself is self-biased and does not use any power. Only the small electronics placed on the floor uses electricity and has the wireless WI-Fi or cellular data transceiver.
​
Under-mattress placement ensures longevity for many years use without need to regular replacement.Automatic measuring - sleep data is available after user leaves the bed in the morning.
​
Autonomous measuring - there is no phone needed in operation. Device has its own processor and buffer memory!SensorWi-Fi or cellular data connectivity