MobiUS SP1 System – Frontier Health
Search
Menu
Search
›
MobiUS SP1 System
MobiUS SP1 System
$ 2,500.00
Default Title - $ 2,500.00 USD
Quantity
Add to Cart
This is a game changer.  It’s quick and easy to use.  It can expedite diagnosis and guide injections, aspirations and line placements.  It’s so affordable that cost need not be a barrier to care.  Until now, 60% of the world did not have access to ultrasound. It was too costly (roughly $300,000) or simply not portable enough to get to them. Those days are over.
Small and portable - The MobiUS SP1 System can fit in your pocket and it’s light enough to take anywhere.  So you can take imaging to your patient, easily.
Easy - We’ve gone to great lengths to ensure the MobiUS SP1 is quick to learn and simple to operate.
Connected - Images are readily stored in 8 GB capacity and quickly shared from the MobiUS SP1 smartphone ultrasound device via secure Wi-Fi, cellular networks or USB.
Affordable - We’ve put imaging within the economic reach of healthcare professionals  – everywhere.  Now smaller, more resource-constrained facilities and healthcare teams can offer more complete care.
Primary Care: Abdomen, Aorta, Kidneys, Gallbladder, Thyroid, Soft Tissue, Vascular, Small organs, Implants, Foreign Bodies, Bladder
OB/GYN:Pregnancy confirmation/Dates, Viability, Placenta, Fetal presentation, Ectopic pregnancy, Amniotic Fluid Assessment
Emergency Medicine: FAST exam to detect impact of trauma, Vascular, Small organs, Chest, OB/Gyn, Cardiac
Vascular: DVT evaluation, vascular access and line placement, Carotid
Share this Product
A few weeks ago Frontier Health traveled to Nairobi, Kenya to meet with innovators, clinics and hospitals, medical device distributors, global health NGOs, incubators/accelerators, and pharma industry members. The goal...
Quick Links
Follow Us
Newsletter
Sign up for the latest news, offers and styles
Subscribe
Copyright © 2019, .
amazon payments
american express
apple pay
diners club
discover
jcb
master
paypal
shopify pay
venmo
visa