Eve Motion | evehome.com
outdoor
control
wellbeing
lighting
security
About Eve
Got it!
Eve Motion
Wireless Motion Sensor
Wireless Motion
Sensor
Let your presence bring your home to life. With Eve Motion, cue the perfect ambiance upon entry, and know of activity as it’s happening.
Never fumble for switches again.
Activate your lights, media center, or any other connected devices - all at once - simply by setting foot inside your room.
Monitor while you're away.
No one home? If movement is detected while you and your loved ones are out, your home hub will ensure that you receive a notification.
Cover any space.
Thanks to IPX3 water resistance, Eve Motion is comfortable both indoors and out. A 120-degree field of view spanning 9 meters of range gives you plenty of room to play with. And truly wireless operation permits total freedom of placement.
Fine-tune your setup.
Kids? Pets? Set Eve Motion to overlook their activity and let them wander without reserve. Or, turn up the sensor sensitivity to track their whereabouts without tailing their every move, and set scenes especially for them.
Rule your home.
Enrich scenes with powerful rules to automate accessories on your conditions. Automatically activate your "I’m home" scene in which your connected ceiling fan and ambient lighting switch on, but only after sunset. Then have everything turn off if you’re out of the room for ten minutes, provided it’s past your bedtime.
Rule your home.
Enrich scenes with powerful rules to automate accessories on your conditions. Automatically activate your "I’m home" scene in which your connected ceiling fan and ambient lighting switch on, but only after sunset. Then have everything turn off if you’re out of the room for ten minutes, provided it’s past your bedtime.
I'm home
Motion detected:
After sunset
Power-on ceiling fan
Power-on ambient lights
"...a highly versatile and weatherproof sensor that you can use just about anywhere inside or outside your home”
“...a handy addition to help your other accessories do more"
"If you live in a predominately Apple household and are fairly committed to the HomeKit smart home platform, the Eve Motion is an undeniably useful addition"
Command on demand.
Set scenes in a flash via Siri, your Control Center, or Apple Watch. Easily engage accessories using the Home app on your iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch. And to see concise records, gain insights, and enjoy full control of your connected home, look no further than the Eve app.
Safe as houses.
Eve accessories are exclusively HomeKit-enabled. Your personal data is under no circumstances captured, saved to a cloud, or sold. Even when accessing your home remotely via your home hub, all data is end-to-end encrypted and stored on your iPhone or iPad. Superior privacy, advanced security, and absolute peace of mind – it’s all here.
Truly smart.
Equipped with Bluetooth low energy technology, Eve accessories ensure reliable operation independently of bridges. Setup is quick and easy. Energy consumption is minimal. And accessory response time is snappy.
Compatible with your ecosystem.
Straight out of the box, Eve accessories work with your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, and Apple Watch. Your HomePod, Apple TV or iPad will serve as a home hub, seamlessly automating your accessories and keeping you connected while out and about.
Technical Details
Requirements
Specifications
To control this HomeKit-enabled accessory, iOS 12.1 or later is recommended. To automate and control this accessory while away from home, you need either a HomePod, an Apple TV with tvOS 11 or later, or an iPad with iOS 11 or later set up as a home hub.
Operating Range
Field of view: 120°
Distance: 9 m / 30 ft. max at 2 m / 6.5 ft. mounting height
Operating temperature: -18°C to +55°C (: 0°F - 130°F)
IPX 3 Certified
Reaction time: two seconds
Power
2 x AA Replaceable Batteries
Wireless Connection
Bluetooth Low Energy
Dimensions
80 x 80 x 32 mm