SHIELD TV | NVIDIA
0
Cart
PLATFORMS
other links
ic_arrow-back-to-top
This site requires Javascript in order to view all its content. Please enable Javascript in order to access all the functionality of this web site. Here are the
Time To level Up
NVIDIA SHIELD TV is the essential streaming media player for the modern living room. Thousands of apps. Thousands of games. The most 4K entertainment. And the Google Assistant built in.
World-class Performance
SHIELD’s versatility and speed set it apart. It’s a streamer, game console, DVR, media server, and smart home hub with voice assistants. It’ll make even the most demanding user proud.
Fast. Really Fast
Thanks to the powerful NVIDIA Tegra® X1 chip.
Always Updated
Continues to evolve and get smarter with new features.
Open Platform
Customizable Android UI with Google and Amazon ecosystems*.
NVIDIA SHIELD is the streaming device you should be buying.
– Android Headlines
THE BEST STREAMER JUST GOT BETTER.
– Forbes
I HAVE FOUR WORDS FOR YOU: CURRENT GAMES, NO PC.
– CNET
LEAVES OTHER STREAMERS IN THE DUST.
– PC Gamer
Entertainment
All the movies, shows, games, and music you could ask for. Cut the cord with live sports and DVR, play Chromecast apps, even show off your Google Photos.
4K HDR
High Dynamic Range
4K SDR
Standard Dynamic Range
Comparison simulated
4K HDR Theatre
Movie theater quality meets living room comfort. Netflix, Prime Video, and Vudu deliver original 4K HDR content with beautiful colors and unmatched visual quality. Cutting-edge Dolby Atmos and immersive DTS-X surround sound pass-through elevate your audio experience.
Apps you want, Apps you Need.
The most 4K entertainment. Period.
Not all apps available in Canada.
Voice Search & Control
Let your voice be the key to finding content you want, fast. Use simple voice commands to play, pause, rewind, and fast-forward your entertainment‡.
Gaming Ready. Built For The Future.
Why limit yourself to just one way to game when you can have multiple options in one device? Blockbuster titles, online multiplayer, action adventure, and even family favorites—all played from the comfort of your couch. SHIELD TV also includes instant access to the high-demand GeForce NOW™ beta game streaming service, which will forever change the way you game.
Multiplayer
AAA
Free
Family
Quick
Online and offline games to play with friends. Co-operative missions, 1-on-1 battles, and trash talking sessions await.
The best of the best. Photorealistic graphics, intense action, years of development to deliver unforgettable game experiences.
Choose from an extensive library and have the option of never paying for a game, ever.
Share the fun of gaming with loved ones of all ages.
Pick up and play. Lose yourself for 15 minutes then get on with your day. Just, like, that.
An engineering breakthrough for cloud gaming. Instantly transform your SHIELD TV into a GeForce-powered PC gaming rig. With hundreds of supported titles and features like cloud saves and cross-play on laptops and desktops, you can pick up a game from wherever you left off. Try the free beta and help shape the service. The future is yours to dominate.
Enhance Your Gaming
The SHIELD controller features a sleek polygon-inspired finish and is packed with tech—including a headset jack for private listening, dual vibration, rechargeable batteries, and a handy mic for Google Assistant searches. Plus, it’s ergonomically designed for hours of comfortable gaming.
Smart Home
Smart devices such as lights, thermostats, doorbells, cameras, even coffee makers, can be controlled with your voice and set on schedules to make your life easier. SHIELD is the unifying force that makes this possible. And with support from the built in Google Assistant and optional SmartThings Link§, virtually all smart devices will work together, seamlessly.
Google Assistant On The Big Screen
Share Google Photos from your latest trip, see sports scores with advanced stats, and even view a live Arlo video feed from the baby room on your TV using only your voice†, all while sitting on the couch. You can also search for movies and shows, access media playback controls, change the temperature, dim the lights, and so much more. The Google Assistant is always on, ready to help, and makes life in your living room that much more relaxing.
Design
Introducing the K83 Wireless Keyboard
Seamlessly navigate through your SHIELD TV
THE SMARTEST SHIELD.
AT A NEW PRICE. FOR A LIMITED TIME.
TRADE IN YOUR OLD TECH.GET $20 OFF SHIELD TV.
Shop
SHIELD TV
Thousands of apps for limitless entertainment. And the Google Assistant built in. For users who demand snappy performance.
Buy From Partners >
($229.99 CAD)
Gaming Edition
The most popular SHIELD. Thousands of games. GeForce NOW free beta access. For gamers who love to stream and play.
Buy From Partners >
($259.99 CAD)
Smart Home Edition
Thousands more compatible smart devices with the included SmartThings Link. For the ultimate connected living room.
Buy From Partners >
($289.99 CAD)
($239.99 CAD)
Featured Blogs
October 28, 2018
Say More: Control SHIELD TV with Amazon Echo Devices
A new Alexa Skill has launched in the US enabling hands-free control of SHIELD TV with your Amazon Echo devices*.
October 17, 2018
Google Home, Welcome to the SHIELD Family
Google Home devices can now control your SHIELD TV from anywhere in your home as long as they’re on the same network.
May 22, 2018
The Ultimate Cord Cutting Guide
You can save money by customizing your content and only paying for what you want, without annoying cable box rental fees. Get access to features like unlimited cloud storage, 4K HDR content, and the ability to stream across multiple devices.
* Google ecosystem includes the Google Assistant, Google Play Movies and TV app, Google Music app, Google photos, and access to Google calendar. Amazon ecosystem includes Alexa voice assistant with Amazon Echo device linked to SHIELD, Prime Video app, and Amazon Music app. † Requires SHIELD Controller or Google Home Mini or Amazon Echo ‡ Not available for all apps § Requires SmartThings Link accessory
SHIELD TV