Nest Cam Indoor | This Is What a Home Security Camera Should Be | Nest
This Presidents’ Day, save on select home security products. Ends February 24.
Introducing the in-home consultation from Nest.
See our products in your own home and know that everything is compatible. Exclusively in Orange County.
Data privacy
This is what an indoor security camera should be.
See your home 24/7 – in super clear 1080p HD.
See your home 24/7 – in super clear 1080p HD.
$199
or as low as $12/mo at 0% APR
Watch your feed on the
$199 or as low as $12/mo at 0% APR
Is everything OK at home?
What if someone breaks in?
What’s the dog getting into?
The Nest Cam Indoor security camera is designed to help you look after your home and family – even when you’re away.
With 24/7 live streaming, a versatile magnetic stand, person alerts with Nest Aware and one app for all your Nest products, Nest Cam Indoor helps you keep an eye on what matters. From anywhere.
Nest Cam helps solve crimes. Here’s proof.
For the last two years, Nest Cam Indoor has been
as they enter homes. Want to stand watch outside your house?
“I saw the intruders with the Nest app and used Talk & Listen to scare them away. Authorities were able to find and arrest the suspects thanks to the clip.”
– Lisa P., New Jersey (April 2016)
“Because of the Nest Cam clip, the police were able to positively identify the criminals. All four burglars have been caught and identified.”
– A.G., Massachusetts (February 2016)
“I was at home sleeping when I heard a crash. With this clip, the police were able to positively identify the intruders, who are now in jail for other crimes.”
– Guelda M., Washington (November 2015)
“Two men broke into my house, and Nest Cam notified me of the activity. I took a screenshot of their faces and made a flyer to warn the neighbors. One of the burglars saw it and turned himself in.”
– Niki, Texas (April 2016)
Plug-in-and-go security.
Your security camera shouldn’t sleep on the job. Nest Cam Indoor plugs into power so you never worry about dead batteries.
Records everything. Just in case.
Some cameras can’t stay on all the time because they rely on batteries, so they only start recording when they sense motion. But if they miss something, you do, too. With a Nest Aware subscription, Nest Cam continuously records 24/7. And saves up to 30 days of footage securely in the cloud. So you never miss a thing.
Alerts you when something happens.
You can’t always be watching your video feed. Nest Cam looks for motion and listens for conspicuous sounds, like a boom or the crash of a window breaking. If Nest Cam thinks something’s up, it’ll send a phone alert or an email with a key image from the event. And if you miss an alert, you can see photos of activity from the last three hours for free in the Nest app.
Knows a person from a thing.
Get alerts that matter. When you subscribe to Nest Aware, advanced cloud algorithms pick out the activity you care about.
Person alerts.
Get a special alert when Nest Cam Indoor sees a human. Like if a person walks into the room, or if someone’s head appears in frame.
Activity Zones.
Get alerts when something happens in important areas, like the safe or the cookie jar.
Replay video
See what you missed.
If you miss an alert, you can always see activity from the last three hours in the Nest app. So if something happened, you’ll know when the event started and ended and see a key photo from the event.
Quickly find what you’re looking for.
Want to find that cute thing the dog did yesterday? With Sightline, you can find what you’re looking for in seconds. So you don’t have to dig through video.
See a day in seconds.
And find the moment you’re looking for fast.
The information you need.
Know where activity happened, when it started and when it ended.
Snapshots of critical moments.
Nest doesn’t just show you a random thumbnail of an event. It automatically zooms in on the action. So you can see right away if it’s worth watching.
Lets you talk and listen.
Nest Cam Indoor has a built-in speaker and mic, so you can hear what’s happening at home. Or tell the dog to get off the couch.
Turn up the volume and choose a command.
Nest Cam Indoor
Customer ratings and reviews
Reviews submitted by verified Nest users.
Nest Can User
March 19, 2018
Peace of Mind Goes a LONG Way!
We received the Nest Indoor Cam as a gift. We set it up prior to going on vacation so we could watch our pets and also talk to them. It was fun to watch them turn their heads wondering where we were physically. The Nest Cam is situated so it sees our entire living room, front room, and kitchen area (great room) so that is quite an expansive area of our home. The Nest Cam buys us peace of mind to check and ensure things at home are fine. You cannot put a price on peace of mind. The vision quality of the camera is amazing. The video / picture is crystal clear, even at night, which was a very nice bonus to the Nest Cam.
MoeNest
February 12, 2018
Better than I expected!
I bought a Nest Cam to very simply keep an eye on my pets, kids, and if there was an unfortunate break-in, I would have some footage.
What I didn't realize is that the video quality is amazing, it alerts me when it detects a person (not my pets), I can view a snapshot right on my Apple Watch, and can quickly tune in using my phone.
I love the mic ability and the fact that the recording actually highlights when a motion was detected.
I can't say enough awesome things about this camera and I just bought a Nest Outdoor cam as a result.
Best decisions I have made after trying other brands.
Jenna B
March 12, 2018
Game Changer
As a yoga studio owner I get to focus on growing my business versus running the small day to day operations that used to take up a good part of my day. I no longer have to wonder/determine - was the door was locked after class? Is the heat turned down? Who's walking out with our loaner mats? How many students actually showed up to class vs. software check-ins? Are we out of towels yet? All of this information can be found out in seconds on my phone. I love Nest!!!
Everything works together to keep you safe.
Nest Cam Indoor
and Nest Cam Outdoor work with other Nest products to help keep your home safe and secure.
You can even connect Nest to light bulbs and window shades to make it look like you’re home when you’re not.
Set it up. Put it anywhere.
Cable clip
Set it up. Put it anywhere.
Nest Cam takes only a few minutes to install. Literally. Just plug it in and set it up from your phone.
Nest Cam Indoor’s stand works in all kinds of homes, on all types of surfaces. See how it works:
Standing
Magnet
Wall
Tripod
Nest Cam takes only a few minutes to install. Literally. Just plug it in and set it up from your phone.
Nest Cam Indoor’s stand works in all kinds of homes, on all types of surfaces. See how it works:
Set it down on something flat, like a table or shelf.
Nest Cam has a built­-in magnet. So you can stick it to something metallic.
Use the removable wall plate to attach Nest Cam to a wall. Clip the cord to the back of the stand to keep it in place.
Screw Nest Cam directly onto standard mounts or tripods (not included).
Build your Nest home.