GMW95R BACnet/Modbus CO2, Temperature and Humidity Sensor for demanding HVAC, with Certificate -
Vaisala Online Store
GMW95R
GMW95R BACnet/Modbus CO2, Temperature and Humidity Sensor for demanding HVAC, with Certificate
https://store.vaisala.com/eu/productresources/large1/GMW95R.jpg
The Vaisala digital Carbon Dioxide, Temperature, and Humidity Transmitter GMW95R is intended for demand controlled ventilation applications, green buildings and Indoor air quality monitoring (IAQ). It features both BACnet MS/TP and Modbus RTU output options. The GMW90 Series Transmitters are suitable for LEED projects as the accuracy is better than the required ±75 ppm even after 5 years of use. After 5 years the transmitters can be easily calibrated in the field.The GMW90 Series Carbon Dioxide and Temperature Transmitters use proprietary Micro-Electro-Mechanical System (MEMS) technology for measuring carbon dioxide. The sensor’s continuous reference measurement enables reliable and accurate readings, outstanding long-term stability, extended lifetime, and minimal maintenance.
This wall-mounted transmitter is easy to install and it has very low maintenance requirements. Field calibration can be done quickly against a GM70 CO2 meter, against calibration gas bottles with straightforward trimmer adjustment or by exchanging intelligent GM10 CO2 measurement modules that come with a traceable calibration certificate. The display is always included for easy calibration. See The transmitter has user exchangeable measurement modules, which can be ordered as spare parts. The module is delivered with a calibration certificate.
GMW95R BACnet/Modbus CO2, Temperature and Humidity Sensor for demanding HVAC, with Certificate
The Vaisala digital Carbon Dioxide, Temperature, and Humidity Transmitter GMW95R is intended for demand controlled ventilation applications, green buildings and Indoor air quality monitoring (IAQ). It features both BACnet MS/TP and Modbus RTU output options. The GMW90 Series Transmitters are suitable for LEED projects as the accuracy is better than the required ±75 ppm even after 5 years of use. After 5 years the transmitters can be easily calibrated in the field.The GMW90 Series Carbon Dioxide and Temperature Transmitters use proprietary Micro-Electro-Mechanical System (MEMS) technology for measuring carbon dioxide. The sensor’s continuous reference measurement enables reliable and accurate readings, outstanding long-term stability, extended lifetime, and minimal maintenance.
This wall-mounted transmitter is easy to install and it has very low maintenance requirements. Field calibration can be done quickly against a GM70 CO2 meter, against calibration gas bottles with straightforward trimmer adjustment or by exchanging intelligent GM10 CO2 measurement modules that come with a traceable calibration certificate. The display is always included for easy calibration. See The transmitter has user exchangeable measurement modules, which can be ordered as spare parts. The module is delivered with a calibration certificate.
The package includes:
Transmitter
Quick guide
Traceable calibration certificate
The Vaisala Digital Carbon Dioxide, Temperature and Humidity Transmitter GMW95R for Ventilation Control and Indoor air quality monitoring (IAQ)
Standard delivery time for single unit: 1 week
Compare
Detailed information
Measurement parameter(s)Carbon dioxideTemperatureHumidity
Measurement range0 ... 5000 ppm CO2-5 ... +55 °C (+23 ... +131°F) T0 ... 95% RH
Measurement accuracyat +20 … +30 °C (+ 68 … + 86 °F) ± (30 ppm + 2 % of reading) CO2at +20 ... +30 °C (+68 ... +86 °F) ±0.5 °C (± 0.9 °F) TTemperature range +10 ... +40 °C (+50 ... +104 °F) 0 ... 60 %RH ±2.5 %RH
Operating temperature-5 ... +55 °C (+23 ... +131 °F)
Operating voltage18 … 35 VDC, 24 VAC ± 20% 50/60 Hz
Digital outputsRS-485 BACnet/Modbus
Housing classificationIP30
Links
Related Products and Accessories
Spare Parts for This Product
Did not find products or accessories and spares parts you were looking for? Online Store has a limited selection of our products. See our Discuss your specific needs with our knowledgeable Sales Engineers.