NuTone KNOCK Smart Video Doorbell Camera
NuTone offers the widest variety of ventilation fans in the industry.  For the latest high-performance, ENERGY STAR® Certified solution to today’s green building requirements, or ultra quiet operation for a comfortable environment, NuTone offers stylish options to fit any situation from a retrofit to a new build out. As the leader in residential ventilation, we will confidently meet your needs.
As the residential ventilation leader, NuTone offers more range hood kitchen ventilating solutions than anyone. From high performance ducted models, to the most effective non-ducted units ever made. And they’re all built to NuTone's demanding quality standards. So you can count on them to help keep your kitchen cleaner for years to come.
NuTone’s Central Vacuum is the quietest and most powerful cleaning system that does more than clean floors. It enhances your home’s environment by improving indoor air quality and reducing noise while providing exceptionally clean carpets and other surfaces.
NuTone is the right choice in doorbells, door chimes and pushbuttons – from Contemporary to Traditional styles, musical, portable chimes or wireless – the choice is yours. With a tradition of fashion and quality that dates back to 1936, NuTone continually researches and develops innovative new products and is the market leader in new doorbell technologies.
Haven™ Backyard Mosquito Repellent System features innovative landscape fixtures that provide season-long, effective protection from biting mosquitoes. Don’t let biting mosquitoes keep you from enjoying time outdoors with family and friends! Haven’s patented mosquito protection system provides protection within 15 minutes of use and is effective against all types of mosquitoes.
NuTone Knock™ Smart Video Doorbell Camera
Visibility and Security – whether you’re home or away No more wondering “Who’s there?” No more guessing if the children get home safely from school, or whether the mailman delivered your package. NuTone Knock lets you know when someone is at your door. The motion-sensing camera works day or night, so you never miss another visitor. You can even speak to anyone who rings the doorbell from anywhere in the world – with the convenience of your smart phone or tablet.
The Do Not Disturb feature lets you set quiet hours for family time, movie time or naptime. Ideal for challenging weather conditions, NuTone Knock can handle the sweltering heat of the desert or the extreme cold of the upper Midwest. With an IP65 rating to protect against dust and water, it is more dependable than other leading brands. Available in Surface Mount (DCAM100) and Flush Mount (DCAM100FM) models.
NuTone
Knock Features
Reliable Security
Weatherproof to protect against dust and water
Rated for temperatures as low as –22°F and as high as 122°F
More dependable in extreme weather than the other leading brands
See and Speak to Visitors
See your entire entry area with the 180° view 720p HD camera
Night vision camera for low light conditions
Speak to visitors with two-way audio
Motion Detection
Receive alerts when someone approaches the door
Block out high traffic areas to reduce false motion alerts
Heat sensor prevents nuisance motion triggering from leaves and debris
Do Not Disturb
Set quiet hours to turn on the chime
Make sure visitors do not disturb the baby’s nap, family time or movie night
Keep a Record of Visitors
Record video or take snapshots on demand.
Automatically saves a snapshot whenever the doorbell button is pressed.
Automatically saves video to the cloud whenever motion is detected or the button is pressed. Requires cloud storage service starting at $2 $USD monthly
Easy Installation
Feedback from the doorbell guides you through the installation process, no need to find or replace the transformer.
NuTone Knock will tell you if the transformer voltage is too low.
Connects to existing doorbell wiring, no need to run Ethernet
Fits Your Lifestyle
Viewable on up to four (4) smart phones or tablets
Android and Apple compatible
NuTone
Knock Videos
Buy now at an authorized NuTone distributor
Buy now online
Download the smartphone app
© 2019 Broan
Need Assistance? In U.S.A. Call: 1-888-336-3948 Technical Support: 1-888-336-6151 In Canada Call: 1-888-882-7626
Bath and Ventilation Fans
Range Hoods
Central Vacuum Systems
Doorbells
Mosquito Repellency
For additional product offerings visit Broan.com