Video Doorbell 2 | Smart Doorbell Camera Wireless or Wired
| Ring
Video Doorbell 2
$199.00
ADD TO CART
Video Doorbell 2
$199.00
Regular price
See the Video Doorbell 2 in action
Video Doorbell 2
$199.00
Regular price
Best Seller
Next-gen Video Doorbell with enhanced video resolution and quick-release battery.
Multi
Quantity:
Add to cart
The Next Generation of Video Doorbells
Watch over your home in crystal-clear 1080HD video, and see, hear and speak to visitors from anywhere. With instant mobile alerts and two-way talk, you can answer the door from your smartphone, tablet and PC.
Instant mobile alerts
1080HD wide-angle video
Built-in microphone and speakers
Monitor Your Home From Anywhere
Ring lets you adjust your motion sensors so you can find the ideal setting for your home. You’ll get instant alerts when motion is detected, allowing you to protect your property from the comfort of your smartphone.
Adjustable motion sensors
Infrared night vision
Live View on-demand video and audio
Smart Security for Every Home
Video Doorbell 2 works on any home and includes a quick-release rechargeable battery, so you can charge your Doorbell without removing the device. Get an extra battery pack, and you'll never worry about power.
Hardwired or battery-powered
Includes one rechargeable battery pack
iOS, Android, Mac and Windows 10 compatible
Extra peace of mindwith Ring Protect Plans.
Boost your home security with a Ring Protect Basic Plan. Save videos captured by your Ring device and review them at anytime. Or share them with neighbors, friends and family.
All for just $3 a month.
Want even more security monitoring? Upgrade to the Ring Protect Plus Plan and get video recording for unlimited Ring cameras at your home and more exclusive benefits.
Tech Specs
Size and Color
Dimensions
5.05 in. x 2.50 in. x 1.08 in., (12.83cm x 6.35cm x 2.74cm)
Available Colors
Satin Nickel, Venetian (all colors included)
Features
Video
1080 HD Video, Live View, Night Vision
Motion Detection
Adjustable Motion Detection
Field of View
160° horizontal, 90° vertical
Audio
Two-way audio with noise cancellation
Power and Connectivity
Power
Rechargeable battery pack. Can connect to standard AC doorbell system for continuous charging
Internet Requirements
Requires a minimum upload speed of 1Mbps, but 2 Mbps is recommended for optimal performance
Connectivity
802.11 b/g/n Wi-Fi connection @ 2.4GHz
Installation
Average Install Time
5 minutes
Operating Conditions
-5°F to 120°F (-20.5°C to 48.5°C), Weather Resistant
Setup Requirement
Only if wiring in: Standard doorbell system with 8-24 VAC doorbell transformer. Doorbell wiring at install location
General
Box Includes
Ring Video Doorbell 2
Quick Release Battery Pack
Satin Nickel and Venetian Faceplates
Adapter Plate
Wedge and Corner Install Kits
Installation Tools and Screws
USB Charging Cable
User Manual
Security Sticker
Warranty
One year on parts, lifetime theft protection
Customer Also Bought
translation missing: en.products.expandprod.regular_price
$29.00
translation missing: en.products.expandprod.regular_price
$49.00
translation missing: en.products.expandprod.regular_price
$19.00
translation missing: en.products.expandprod.regular_price
$19.00
translation missing: en.products.expandprod.regular_price
$49.00
translation missing: en.products.expandprod.regular_price
$199.00
Company
Support
Sign up for the latest news and offers
Hmm, that doesn't look like a valid e-mail address. Mind trying again?
X