Wireless Doorbell Camera | 855.742.4174 | Vivint Smart Home
Products & Services
Packages
Features
Search
Cancel
Let’s chat! How can we help you today?
New to Vivint
Mon-Fri 7AM - 9PM MST
(currently offline)
Customer Support
Available 24/7
Packages
Control
Security
Cameras
Services
About This Recognition
For the past 10 years, Fast Company, the world’s leading progressive business media brand, has compiled an annual list of companies that exemplify the best in innovation. Vivint Smart Home joins other top innovators on the list including Amazon, Google, Apple, Airbnb, Spotify and Facebook.
Vivint Doorbell Camera™
“Consider it Caller ID for your front door”
– USA Today
Call for Professional Installation
Get a free quote now
Call or fill out the form below
By clicking this button, you consent for Vivint, and its service provider Aktify, to use automated technology, including texts and prerecorded messages, to contact you at the number and email provided about Vivint offers. This consent is not required to make a purchase. Clicking “Request a Quote” constitutes my electronic signature.
No Obligations
Never miss an important moment at your front door
2-Way Talk, 1-Way Video
Have a two-way conversation with visitors and see them
Night Vision
Clearly see who’s at your front door day or night.
Vivint Smart Clips™
Watch 30-second video clips on-demand.
Custom Notifications
Receive alerts and notifications on your mobile device so you never miss a visitor.
Wide-angle Lens
Provides a 180 ̊ wide-angle view of your entire doorstep landscape.
Vivint Sky™ Integration
Unlock your front door, open your garage, turn on lights,and more.
Smart Visitor Detection
Recognizes people so you don’t receive notifications every time a car drives by your home
Vivint Playback™
Records 24/7 continuous video for up to 4 cameras, for up to 30 days.
See everything outside your door at any time
Vivint Doorbell Camera brings elegant design, understated form, and high-tech function to your entryway. More useful than an old ding-dong doorbell, more subtle than a security camera, it’s a video doorbell with a 180-degree lens, HD resolution, and infrared night vision to see everything outside your door at any hour.
Minimalist design to blend seamlessly with your entryway
An ominous surveillance camera overlooking a welcome mat might send visitors a mixed message. The minimalist design of Vivint Doorbell Camera mimics a regular doorbell to blend seamlessly with your home exterior and keep your entryway feeling like a meeting place, not a TSA checkpoint.
A video doorbell lets you answer your door from anywhere
With its built-in two-way talk, Vivint Doorbell Camera lets you talk to visitors even when you’re away. That way you can get package deliveries stored someplace safe, not left out in the open. And when a surprise visitor catches you off guard, you can make other arrangements without.
Advanced notice when someone stops by
You can’t predict who might show up unannounced, or when. With a discreet video doorbell, it won’t matter. Smart motion detection notifies you when someone approaches so you’ll know they’re outside before they ever ring. You’ll know even if they knock.
Smart Home controls extend the reach of your hospitality
With Vivint Doorbell Camera integrated into your Vivint Smart Home system, you can talk to visitors, unlock doors, and turn on lights from within a single app. That means you can greet your dinner guests when they arrive right from your phone and you won’t need to leave them waiting on your doorstep if you’ve been delayed.
Smart motion detection knows what to record and what to ignore
Vivint Doorbell Camera’s visitor detection distinguishes people from passing cars, dancing shadows, or waving branches. Real visitors activate 30-second, Smart Clips that get saved for 45 days to give you time to catch up on what you’ve missed.
Save all the important moments with Vivint Playback
Vivint Playback upgrade adds 24/7 recording to the doorbell camera experience. Video doorbell recordings upload wirelessly to Vivint Smart Drive so WiFi networks won’t crash. And since it all integrates into one smart home system, you can view recordings from the Vivint Smart Home app.
Free Professional Installation from Smart Home Pros
Every Vivint Smart Home system gets
professionally installed by qualified and licensed Smart Home Pros so you can focus on your life. Our installation teams will make sure your doorbell camera blends with your home exterior, links up seamlessly with your Vivint Smart Home system and works the way you want it too.
Specifications
Vivint Doorbell Camera
Field of view
180°
Night Vision
2 high-powered infrared LEDs (850nm)
Video
Encoding up to 720p HD
Audio
Built-in speaker and microphone
Camera lens
1.3-megapixel sensor
Size
Approx. 4.45”h x 1.50” w x 1.18”d
Weight
3.8 oz
Color
Silver
Power usage
12-24VAC or DC, 1.0A min.
Connectivity requirements
Wi-Fi connection: 802.11 b/g/n @ 2.4GHz
Frequently Asked Questions
Vivint Doorbell Camera isn’t only one of the smallest, but also one of the smartest outdoor cameras in the security market. It provides homeowners with valuable benefits beyond simply knowing there's a visitor at the door. Here are just a few:
A front door camera lets you know the identity of the visitor before opening the door. You know which family member is the right one to send to the door.
Anything that happens on your doorstep gets recorded.
Click
for more on the security benefits of installing a smart doorbell.
Was this answer helpful?
The electric doorbell first appeared back in the early 1800s. Originally intended as a simple alert signifying doorstep visitors, today's wireless doorbell technology improves upon the basic notification in many ways that make managing your home more efficient.
Click
for more on the benefits of a WiFi doorbell.
Was this answer helpful?
Build your perfect smart home
Smart Lights
Set your lights to turn on and off at anytime
Smart Locks
Lock your doors wherever
Doorbell Camera
See who's at your front door
Garage Door Control
Open and close your garage anywhere
Ping Indoor Camera
See your home from anywhere
Door & Window Sensors
Know if windows or doors are open
Examples of Vivint Doorbell Camera Packages
Doorbell Camera
+
+
+
+
+
Call to learn more and customize your own system
I want my home to show me who’s at my doorstep
Life happens at the front door.
By clicking this button, you consent for Vivint, and its service provider Aktify, to use automated technology, including texts and prerecorded messages, to contact you at the number and email provided about Vivint offers. This consent is not required to make a purchase. Clicking “Request a Quote” constitutes my electronic signature.
No Obligations
Read what our customers are saying
Get a free quote now
By clicking this button, you consent for Vivint, and its service provider Aktify, to use automated technology, including texts and prerecorded messages, to contact you at the number and email provided about Vivint offers. This consent is not required to make a purchase. Clicking “Request a Quote” constitutes my electronic signature.
Request Quote
or Call
Your information is secure
* Minimum $49.99/month services agreement required. Minimum $599.99 equipment purchase may be financed subject to an agreement with one of Vivint’s financing partners. $49 to $199 installation fee applies. Financing eligibility and terms subject to credit approval. Month-to-month service agreement available when equipment is purchased upfront. Additional equipment may be purchased and financed. Financing options require monthly services agreement coterminous with applicable financing agreement (for example $49.99/month for 60 months = total services cost $2,999.40). System supports up to four cameras subject to sufficient WiFi speeds. Without a Vivint services plan, product and system functionality is limited (including loss of remote connectivity). Speak to a Vivint representative at the phone number in this offer for complete equipment, services, and package details, including pricing and financing details. Offer not available in all states or provinces. Taxes and local permit fees may apply. New Vivint Customers only. Products and services in Louisiana provided by Vivint Louisiana Commercial Certificate #58280. See Vivint license numbers
†According to App store Rating 1/11/2017
§
^ Average time in 2017 for a Vivint agent to give a price quote is 11.8 minutes. Setting up the account may add additional call time.
Support
Company
Partners
Support
Company
Partners
Copyright © 2017 Vivint, Inc. All rights reserved.
×
Live Chat
Sorry, our sales chat is currently offline.
to talk to a Vivint Smart Home Pro.
Current customers:
for 24/7 chat support.