Smart Indoor Security Camera | Netatmo
Be alerted immediately if an intruder breaks into your home
Watch video
The only Smart Indoor Camera that can recognise faces and gives you access to all its features without charging any subscription fees.
Receive home intruder alerts direct to your smartphone
Instead of the usual motion alerts which require you to waste time watching the footage, Netatmo Indoor Camera sends an immediate alert if an intruder has been detected in your home, complete with a picture of their face and a video recording.
Be notified when your kids are home
When your children pass in front of the camera, it recognizes them thanks to its revolutionary face recognition technology and notifies you on your smartphone.
Keep an eye on your elderly parents
Don’t just wonder if your elderly loved one has made it safely back home. Using its unique face recognition technology, the Smart Indoor Camera sends notifications when the people you care about most have returned home. Access live stream to see what is going on in real-time.
Keep an eye on your pet’s whereabouts
Do you ever wonder what your pet is doing while you are away? Netatmo's Smart Indoor Camera has a pet detection feature. Unlike other smart cameras that send imprecise motion alerts, Netatmo security cameras tell you specifically when your pet passes in front of the camera, complete with a picture and a video recording, in real-time. You can also choose to deactivate pet detection alerts not to be alerted by your pet’s movements around the house.
Keeps your vacation home safe – effortlessly
Someone is entering your vacation home – is it a burglar or the housekeeper? Know exactly who is in your house thanks to the camera’s face recognition technology. It identifies who it sees and sends you a notification, complete with a picture of their face and a video of the person.
Security
Loved ones
Elderly parents
Pets
Vacation home
“How I caught a burglar with my Netatmo camera”
“While in a business meeting, I received the alert “unknown face seen” - an unwanted intruder - and so I called the police. They caught the burglar in the stairway and thanks to my Netatmo camera video proof, the burglar was arrested. I enjoy a new peace of mind, knowing my camera will immediately alert me if there is a stranger at home.”
Effortless setup in a few minutes
The Smart Indoor Camera’s setup is straightforward: place the camera indoors, facing your entrance, plug it in and download the App. Identify your loved ones with a simple click. That’s it!
Notifies when it hears an alarm
When the security camera hears an alarm, whether it be a smoke alarm, CO alarm, security alarm or siren, it will send a notification and record a video.
Leave family members off the record to protect their privacy
Unlike other ‘Big Brother’ smart security cameras that continuously film everything and everybody, Netatmo Smart Indoor Camera protects both your home and the privacy of your family.With the option to disable video recording and notifications for familiar faces, your loved ones can relax in the privacy of your home, knowing they aren’t being watched or recorded.
Prevent false alerts caused by your pet’s movements around the house
Netatmo pet detection technology enables you to ignore motion alerts caused by your pet. It will only notify you when a real intrusion occurs. Alternatively, you can choose to enable those alerts to check on your pet when you are away.
Video storage is free and flexible
Local video storage on the included microSD card.
Choose to store your videos automatically on your personal Dropbox cloud.
Or, choose to backup videos automatically on your personal FTP server.
Discover the app
Watch 24/7 live stream in the app, from any device, anytime. Scroll through past footage and download your favorite videos.
Fri
21
Jun
Mom seen
7:02 PM
Unknow face seen
5:51 PM
Tom seen
5:32 PM
Lily seen
5:32 PM
Tom seen
4:07 PM
Lily seen
4:07 PM
Any device. Anywhere. Anytime.
An outstanding camera and a minimalist design
Extensive 130° field of view
Miss nothing with the indoor camera’s extra-wide view.
Stunning, full hd videos
Full HD 1080p provides the highest video quality, so you can see clearly what’s happening at home.
Superior night vision
Protection day and night with infrared night vision for clear videos even in total darkness.
Beautiful anodized aluminum
The Smart Indoor Camera has a unique and pure design. It blends seamlessly into your home.
Records only what matters
The camera only records when something happens, preventing hours of empty footage.
By continuing to navigate on this site, you agree to the use of cookies so that we can provide you content and services adapted to your interests.
I understand
Products
Programs
Company
Where to buy
Socials
Stay connected: get our advice, news and promotions by e-mail!