SmartCam HD Pro 1080p Full HD WiFi Camera Security - SNH-P6410BN | Samsung US
Welcome ! Please enjoy our special offers for you
Input Search Keyword
Search
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location.
See More
Close
This site uses cookies to enhance your web site experience. By continuing to browse or use this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our .
Close
/
/
/
/
SmartCam HD Pro 1080p Full HD WiFi Camera
SmartCam HD Pro 1080p Full HD WiFi Camera
♡
SNH-P6410BN
SmartCam HD Pro 1080p Full HD WiFi Camera
Share your product experience
Share your product experience
SmartCam HD Pro 1080p Full HD WiFi Camera
Share your product experience
Your Rating*
click to rate!
Your rating is only recorded if you write and post a review
Your Nickname*
Email*
Your Location(optional)
NEXT
Share your product experience
Samsung strives to make every customer's experience exceptional and it is clear that yours was not ideal. We would like to make it right.
A Samsung Pro is ready to assist you and answer any questions.
1-833-REVIEW8
1-833-738-4398
Monday-Friday: 9am-6pm ET
WRITE A REVIEW
Share your product experience
We are glad you like your product.
A Samsung Pro is ready to assist you in case you have any questions.
1-833-REVIEW8
1-833-738-4398
Monday-Friday: 9am-6pm ET
WRITE A REVIEW
Share your product experience
Review Headline
Guidelines !
Write a review
Max 200
Writing guidelines
We cannot publish your review if it contains:
Personal information
Details about prices, promotions, shipping, and customer service
Info about other companies and websites
Obscene, vulgar, abusive, harrasing, or sexually explicit language.
Add up to 6 photos (6 remaining )
ADD A PHOTO
ADD A VIDEO
I would recommend this product to a friend.
Yes
No
Feature
Performance
Design
Value
Would you like to be entered into the sweepstakes? Terms and Conditions can be found at
Select
Yes
No
I agree to the
POST REVIEW
Edit
Your Nickname
Email
Your Location (optional)
Save
Your Nickname*
Email*
Your Location(optional)
Your Rating
SmartCam HD Pro 1080p Full HD WiFi Camera
ADD A PHOTO
Please follow these guidelines when uploading a photo:
Images must be in BMP, PNG, GIF or JPEG format.
File size must be 5 MB or less.
Image must be at least 100 pixels tall.
Image must be at least 100 pixels wide.
It contains copyrighted media (and you don&apost hold the copyright)
It contains media not related to the product
UPLOAD PHOTO
Enter a caption
REMOVE PHOTO
ADD PHOTO
ADD A VIDEO
Video guidelines
We may not publish your review if:
It contains copyrighted media (an you don't hold the copyright)
It contains media not related to the product
Link to youtube Video
ADD VIDEO
!The link is invalid
Thank you
Your review has been submitted.
Terms and Conditions
CUSTOMER RATINGS AND REVIEWS TERMS OF USE
These Terms of Use govern your conduct associated with the Customer Ratings and Review service offered by SAMSUNG (the "CRR Service"). To the extent there is any conflict between SAMSUNG's Privacy Policy and these Terms of Use, these Terms of Use shall control with respect to the CRR Service.
By submitting any content to SAMSUNG, you represent and warrant that:
you are the sole author and owner of the intellectual property rights thereto;
all "moral rights" that you may have in such content have been voluntarily waived by you;
all content that you post is accurate;
you are at least 13 years old;
use of the content you supply does not violate these Terms of Use and will not cause injury to any person or entity.
You further agree and warrant that you shall not submit any content:
that is known by you to be false, inaccurate or misleading;
that infringes any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy;
that violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including, but not limited to, those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising);
that is, or may reasonably be considered to be, defamatory, libelous, hateful, racially or religiously biased or offensive, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing to any person or entity;
for which you were compensated or granted any consideration by any third party;
that includes any information that references other websites, physical addresses, email addresses, contact information or phone numbers;
that contains any computer viruses, worms or other potentially damaging computer programs or files.
You agree to indemnify and hold SAMSUNG (and its parent, affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, joint ventures, and third-party service providers, including but not limited to Bazaarvoice, Inc., and their respective officers, directors, and employees), harmless from all claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of a breach of your representations and warranties set forth above, or your violation of any law or the rights of any third party.
For any content that you submit, you grant SAMSUNG a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully transferable right and license to use, copy, modify, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and/or sell and/or distribute such content and/or incorporate such content into any form, medium or technology throughout the world without compensation to you.
All content that you submit may be used at SAMSUNG's sole discretion. In accordance with applicable law, SAMSUNG reserves the right to change, condense or delete any content on SAMSUNG's website that SAMSUNG deems, in its sole discretion, to violate the content guidelines or any other provision of these Terms of Use. SAMSUNG does not guarantee that you will have any recourse through SAMSUNG to edit or delete any content you have submitted. Ratings and written comments are generally posted within two to four business days. However, SAMSUNG reserves the right to remove or to refuse to post any submission for any reason in accordance with applicable law. You acknowledge that you, not SAMSUNG, are responsible for the contents of your submission. None of the content that you submit shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of SAMSUNG, its agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners or third party service providers and their respective directors, officers and employees.
By submitting your email address in connection with your rating and review, you agree that SAMSUNG and its third party service providers may use your email address to contact you about the status of your review and other administrative purposes.
Quick and Simple Setup
Intuitive Operation
Earn % back in rewards
←   Drag to Spin   →
0%
0.64
lbs
Product Weight
2.8
mm
Focal Length (Zoom Ratio)
400
mm
Min. Object Distance
Simple Wi-Fi Setup
Simply download the free Samsung SmartCam app for Android or iOS, available on the App Store® and Google Play®, to your mobile device and the intuitive set up wizard helps you begin viewing your camera in a matter of minutes.
1080p Full HD Video
The SmartCam HD Pro Wi-Fi®
camera provides up to 1080p Full HD streaming video to your computer/laptop and up to 720p on your mobile device. The large 1/2.8-inch CMOS sensor allows maximum light, yielding vivid colors, brighter video and stunning detail.
Two-Way Talk
Enhanced Two-Way Talk feature not only lets you hear what’s going on around the camera but also allows you to talk back through your phone, no matter where you are. You can also enhance the sound quality with external speakers.
Advanced Detection
Advanced motion and audio detection knows the difference between a rustling plant and true motion. If your pet enters an “off-limits” room, the kids come home from school or a window is shattered, you’ll immediately be notified.
Motion Zone Select
You can select up to three motion zones in the camera’s field of view by simply drawing a box around them on your screen. The camera will alert you when there are qualifying movements in the zone.
Features and specifications are subject to change without prior notification
2.8 mm
Focal Length (Zoom Ratio)
400 mm
Min. Object Distance
0.64 lbs
Product Weight
Video
Imaging Device
2M CMOS(1080P Support), SONY, FHD
Effective Pixels
1944(H) × 1224(V)
Scanning System
Progressive
Synchronization
Internal
Low Light Performance
0.3Lux(Color), 0Lux(Black / White)
Lens
Focal Length (Zoom Ratio)
2.8 mm
Angular Field of View (D/V/H)
D : 128˚, H:111˚, V:62˚
Min. Object Distance
400 mm
Focus Control
Fixed
Lens Type
Barrel type
Video Analytics
WDR
Support (2M@15fps
Motion Detection
Support (ROI: 3ea
Audio Detection
Support
Operational
Install
Easy Set-up
On Screen Display ( Web Browser)
Support
Day & Night
True D/N Filter
Night Vision
IR-LED, 5M
OS
Linux
White Balance
Auto
Digital Zoom (viewer support)
4X (Mobile), 10X (Web)
Digital Pan/Tilt(viewer support)
Support
Flip / Mirror
Support
Booting Time
Max 30s
Network
Ethernet
RJ-45 (10/100BASE-T)
Wireless
Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n (Dual-band)
Wi-Fi Direct
Support(Push button)
Video Compression Format
H.264, MJPEG
Resolution
1920 x1080, 1280x720, 640x360
Max. Framerate
H.264, 1920x1080 30FPS
Video Quality Adjustment
H.264: Compression Level | MJPEG : Quality Level Control
Bitrate Control Method
H.264 : VBR with CAP | MJPEG : VBR with CAP
Streaming Capability
Multiple Streaming (Up to 4 Profiles)
Audio I/O
Support(Audio output, Mono jack)
Audio Compression Format
G.711, G.726
Audio Communication
2-Way Audio (Built-in Microphone & Speaker) Half Duplex with AEC
Protocols
TCP/IP, DHCP, SMTP, DNS, RTSP, RTCP, RTP, HTTP, TCP, UDP, STUN, XMPP, uPNP, SNTP, IPv4, ICMP, Bonjour, TURN, SIP
Security
SSL(AES 256bit)
Streaming Method
Unicast
Max. User Access
5 users at Unicast Mode
Memory Slot
microSDXC(FAT32),~64G
Recording & Playback
Event recoding, Manual recording, Continuous recording, Remote Playback
PC OS Support(Web viewer)
Windows XP, Windows7, Window8(Only Desktop UI) or Higher, Mac OSX 10.7or Higher
Mobile OS & Device support (Mobile viewer)
Android OS : jellybean or higher (not all Android phones are compatible) | iOS : iOS 5 or higher
Fun
Audio Recording
User selected music record and play
- 3 Lullaby songs saved
- User voice recording feature support
Operating
Operating Temperature (F)
0°C ~ +40°C (+32°F ~ +104°F)
Humidity
20% ~ 80% RH
Ingress Protection
Indoor
Electrical
Input Voltage
5V DC
Current
2,2A
Power Consumption
Max 11W
Indication
1 LED (Power, Status, Link)
Exterior Design
Color
White
Dimensions
Product Dimensions (WxHxD)
83.9 "x 118.6" x 79.3" (Bracket), 44.5/36.5" (Body)
Weight
Product Weight
0.64 lbs
Global Download Center
SAMSUNG assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable, in connection with whether any such products or services will be appropriate, functional or supported for the SAMSUNG products or services available in your country.
Yes, I have read and accept the
and
Continue
I Accept
Warranty
Recently Viewed
Free shipping
Get your favorite items, delivered right to your doorstep.
Get rewarded
Earn points on eligible purchases, then redeem them for Samsung products & more.
Pay later
Convenient financing available with $0 down.
SHOP
SUPPORT
OFFERS
ABOUT US
FOR BUSINESS
Copyright© 1995-2019 SAMSUNG All Rights Reserved.
Follow Us:
Fast, easy checkout with Shop Samsung App
Easy sign-in, Samsung Pay, notifications, and more!
Or continue shopping on Samsung.com
×
The Shop Samsung app
Free standard shipping, exclusive offers and financing options.
×
The Shop Samsung app
Free standard shipping, exclusive offers and financing options.
×
You Are About To Be Redirected To Investor Relations Information for U.S.
Thank you for visiting Samsung U.S. Investor Relations. You will be redirected via a new browser window to the Samsung Global website for U.S. investor relations information.
CANCEL
×
Redirect Notification
As of Nov. 1, 2017, the Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. printer business and its related affiliates were transferred to HP Inc.
For more information, please visit HP's website:
* For Samsung Supplies information go to:
* For S.T.A.R. Program cartridge return & recycling go to:
* For Samsung printer support or service go to:
Select CONTINUE to visit HP's website.
CANCEL