Nest Learning Thermostat | Programs Itself, Helps Save Energy | Nest
Get $25 off when you buy the Nest Temperature Sensor with the Nest Learning Thermostat.
Saving energy is a beautiful thing.
Meet the 3rd gen Nest Learning Thermostat.
It has new rings and a big, sharp display. And it saves energy. That’s the most beautiful part.
Get Nest for less.
Two rings to fit any style.
Two rings to fit any style.
Polished steel
New
Stainless steel
New
Programs itself. Helps save energy.
The Nest Learning Thermostat is the first thermostat to get ENERGY STAR certified. It learns what temperature you like and builds a schedule around yours. Since 2011, the Nest Thermostat has saved billions of kWh of energy in millions of homes worldwide.* And independent studies showed that it saved people an average of 10% to 12% on heating bills and 15% on cooling bills.
Your life with Nest.
The Nest Learning Thermostat automatically adapts as your life and the seasons change. Just use it for a week and it programs itself.
2:00 PM
Simple installation.
Pop off your old thermostat and install your new Nest. It should take about half an hour. Now turn up the temperature and get comfortable.
10:30 PM
G’night, Nest.
You turn down the heat on your way to bed. Nest gets to know what you like and starts building a schedule: cozy in the morning and cool at night.
Put a Nest Temperature Sensor in any room, like the baby’s room, and you can tell Nest to make that room a priority (sold separately).
7:00 AM
A warm welcome.
After you turned up the heat a few days in a row, Nest learned you like eating breakfast at 20º. So now it warms up the house as you get out of bed.
8:30 AM
It knows when you’re away.
You’re off to work. The Nest Thermostat can use sensors and your phone’s location to check if you’ve left, then sets itself to an Eco Temperature to save energy.
4:30 PM
Wherever you go, you’re home.
The babysitter calls to say she picked up the kids from soccer and they’re heading home. You adjust the temperature from your phone so they’ll be cozy.
Follow the Leaf.
Change the temperature to save energy and you’ll be rewarded with a Leaf. The Leaf learns how to help you save, so it appears at different temperatures for different families.
See how much you saved.
Nest shows you how much energy you use every day in Energy History and every month in your Home Report. So you can see when you use more energy, like on weekends or Monday nights, and how to use less.
Meet the Nest Temperature Sensor.
Most homes aren’t the same temperature in every room. With the Nest Temperature Sensor, you can let your Nest thermostat know which room should be a certain temperature at a certain time of day. Just put it on a wall or shelf in a room that matters most, like the living room or baby’s room. And get the right temperature, right where you want it. (Sold separately.)
Nest Learning Thermostat
Customer ratings and reviews
Reviews submitted by verified Nest users.
MPB0620
February 24, 2018
Best Purchase
We purchased our Nest Learning Thermostat to help save on heating and cooling costs. In the first month we had it we saw a big difference in the amount of heat we paid for. I love the look, it was easy to install, easy to use and I really like having the app on my phone and the ability to control our Nest from anywhere. I would highly recommend this product its amazing.
essarreff
January 18, 2018
Nest Thermostat 3rd Generation
This is absolutely the best thermostat available! I had a 2nd Generation unit in my previous home for years. I loved it so much, I ordered a new one to have with me to install as soon as I moved! Why? Beautiful design. Quick and simple installation. Plenty of help online if you don't think it's so easy, or you can get a professional installer. Smart AI. Great features / functions (learning your preferences, when you're home or away, turning on or off to minimize overshooting temperature goals, scheduling). Adjustable from the unit, mobile app, or the web. Remote interfaces are easy to use, and show a 10-day history.
Steve W.
March 9, 2018
Great product!!!
The Nest thermostat has helped save me money and made adjusting the temperature of the house easier. I can turn the heat up before I get home to warm things up after being away so I don't come home to a cold house. The auto-away function saves me money by not running the furnace when I'm away but keeping my house from getting to cold. Easy to install, setup and operate! Works great both with my Amazon Alexa and my Google Home devices!!!
It lights up when you walk in the room.
When the Nest Thermostat notices you’re there, Farsight shows you the temperature, weather or time. You can even choose a digital or analog clock face. Farsight is big and bright on the beautiful display – you can see it from across the room.
Know your home is safe.
The Nest Thermostat is just one part of your heating and cooling system. But it can keep an eye on the rest of it. You’ll get an alert on your phone if there’s something wrong – like temperatures are so low your pipes could burst. And if it looks like your furnace is acting up, the Nest Thermostat will send you an alert.
A Nest home.
Nest products are made to work together. And they can even work with lights, locks and other products in your home.
Nest Learning Thermostat
Nest Protect
Your heating system could be a source of carbon monoxide leaks or it could spread smoke through your home in a fire. If there’s a carbon monoxide leak, Nest Protect can tell your Nest Thermostat to turn off the heat. If Nest Protect detects smoke, your Nest Thermostat can turn off the fan.
Nest Learning Thermostat
Jenn-Air
There are a lot of products that work with Nest. If you accidentally left your Jenn-Air oven on, Nest can check if anyone's home, and remind you to turn the oven off remotely.
Click to see what works with Nest Thermostat:
Bring yours home today.
Nest Temperature Sensor