The Netatmo Weather Station, the weather station designed for iPhone and iPad, wifi weather station, air quality monitoring and wireless weather station.
Select your country
EU - English
Choose another country
Master your own climate measurements on your smartphone
Watch video
Discover your home environment
The Weather Station's Indoor Module measures your indoor comfort by providing vital data through its sensors, alerting you when you need to air out your home to bring down its pollution levels.
Temperature
Humidity
Air quality
Ventilation warning
Sound meter
Discover your external environment
The Weather Station's wireless Outdoor Module gives you real-time weather data that matters: measurements are gathered from its sensors right on your doorstep.
Temperature
Humidity
Air quality
Barometric pressure
Weather
A healthier home
We spend 80% of our time indoors, and yet indoor air is often more polluted than outdoor air. The Netatmo Weather Station measures indoor pollution levels through a CO2 sensor, sending you alerts so you can air out your home when necessary and live in a healthier indoor environment.
Very good
Average
Warning
Analyze past data, observe the present and forecast the future
The Weather Station App allows you to view your indoor and outdoor weather data (temperature, humidity, barometric pressure, CO2 and noise) in graph form for real-time tracking of your environment. Observe the cycles and forecast variations around you.
Streamlined design, instinctively ergonomic
An elegant design made to last. One-piece aluminum body.
Elegant design
Our Personal Weather Stations’ elegant design fits easily and discreetly into any home.
CO2 Sensor
Just press the top of the Weather Station's Indoor Module to view your indoor CO2 data via its light indicator.
Solid and resistant
The wireless Outdoor Module's solid one-piece aluminum body is completely weatherproof.
By continuing to navigate on this site, you agree to the use of cookies so that we can provide you content and services adapted to your interests.
I understand
Products
Programs
Company
Where to buy
Socials
Stay connected: get our advice, news and promotions by e-mail!