Wi-Fi Smart Plug | D-Link
Wi-Fi Smart Plug
DSP-W110
Share
Control Your Devices
From Anywhere
Meet the mydlink Wi-Fi Smart Plug (DSP-W110). It allows you to turn your devices on or off, wherever you are.
Features
Turn Devices On/Off with the Mobile App
Instantly turn devices on or off from your smartphone
or tablet.
Create On/Off Schedules for Your Devices
Set your devices to work for you whenever you want.
Your Life Can Be A Lot Easier With The Smart Plug
Turn things on and off from your smartphone or tablet using the mobile app. The app is easy to use and it’ll send you customized notifications.
Create On/Off Schedules For Your Devices
Your devices should work for you whenever you want them to, right? We agree ─ and that’s why we made the Smart Plug. You can set device schedules so that you walk into a brightly-lit home every day after work with your favorite song playing and the AC exactly where you
want it.
Really Easy Setup
Connect to an existing Wi-Fi network with a simple push of the Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) button on the Smart Plug and on the router. It gets you connected in minutes.
Peace of Mind
Left the curling iron plugged in!? Don’t stress. Turn it off using your phone. Ah, that’s better.
Let The Smart Plug Worry About The Unexpected
Turn your mydlink Smart Plugs on or off with the sound of your voice! Experience hands-free control and the convenience of easily turning on lights when your hands are full, or turning off the fan as you leave the room.
One language, a world of possibilities.
With IFTTT (If This Then That) support, it's easy to pair your devices with other IFTTT-enabled products and apps to customize your smart home. Use IFTTT recipes to automatically turn your lights at sunrise, or receive a phone call if a leak is detected in your home. The possibilities of IFTTT are endless -- how will you use it?*
*IFTTT supports DSP-W110 Rev A only. Revision B1 support coming soon
Technical Specifications
General
IEEE 802.11n
Functionality
Support Functions
Smart remote control
Push alert notifications
On/off power scheduling
System Compatibility
mydlink® Home app for iOS and Android
Check device app store for OS requirement/compatibility
Amazon Echo
Compatibility
Supports on/off based voice commands (such as "Alexa, ask mydlink to turn on the living room fan"
IFTTT (If This Then That)
Compatibility
Compatible with any IFTTT-enabled product or app
Recipes and applicable Triggers/Actions can be found at https://ifttt.com/dlink_smart_plug
Physical
Use
Indoor only
Weight
0.28 lbs (4.41 ounces)
Power Input
100 to 125V AC
Power Consumption
3 watts maximum
Power Capacity
Up to 1800W / 15AMPs
Temperature
Operating: 32 to 104 °F (0 to 40 °C)
Storage: -4 to 149 °F (-20 to 65 °C)
Certifications
FCC
UL
Dimensions (W x D x H)
2.0 x 1.2 x 3.5 inches
Warranty
1 Year Limited
Meet the mydlink® Wi-Fi Smart Plug DSP-W110
The D-Link Connected Home
Related Products
Easy Scheduling – Create on/off schedules for your devices
Smart Remote Control – Use the free mydlink Home app to instantly turn devices on/off from your smartphone or tablet
Easy setup – Easily connect to existing Wi-Fi with WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup button)
Wi-Fi Connectivity – Requires no additional hub or device, works with any Wi-Fi network