Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Outdoor Plug | Kasa Smart
Extend Your Smart Home to the Outdoors
Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Outdoor Plug
|  KP400
Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Outdoor Plug
2-Outlet Weather-Resistant Plug
Extend your Smart Home to the outdoors with the Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Outdoor Plug.
Features
Long Wi-fi Range
The smart outdoor plug works with a secured 2.4GHz Wi-Fi network without the need for a separate hub and features a built-in power amplifier for long range Wi-Fi with reach of up to 300 ft.
Ip64 Rated & Fire Retardant
The outdoor plug has an IP64 rating that ensures your device will be protected against entry of dust, splashes of water, and fire.
*When not in use, the sockets should remain capped with the included weather-resistant cover.
Easy Setup
Be up and running with your new smart plug in less than 5 minutes! Plug in the weather-resistant plug, follow the setup instructions on the Kasa Smart app, name your plug, and you’re good to go!
Etl Certified
ETL certified to provide peace of mind that quality and safety are standards we strive for.
Control From Anywhere
Power your outdoor smart plug on or off, set schedules or scenes from anywhere with your smartphone using the Kasa Smart app. Remotely turn your seasonal lights on while you’re at the office or away from home.
Voice Control
Use simple voice commands with your smart plug and Alexa, Google Assistant or Microsoft Cortana. You can give each outlet a unique name and use them separately. Ask your voice assistant to turn your stereo on and get the pool party started.
Individual Control
Control 2 outdoor devices from anywhere together or individually, with one smart plug. Ideal for landscape lighting, swimming pool pumps, holiday lights, or other appliances.
Device Grouping
Group your Kasa Smart light bulbs, plugs and switches for seamless control. Ideal for controlling all your devices simultaneously with a single tap.
Long Wi-Fi Range
An outdoor plug needs a strong Wi-Fi signal and the Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Outdoor Plug has one of the strongest. With a built-in power amplifier for long range Wi-Fi, the outdoor plug has a reach of up to 300 ft. in open space.
Control with a Single Tap
Use the Grouping feature on the Kasa Smart app to combine your indoor and outdoor devices together for unified control with one single tap on your smartphone. Combine your living room bulbs with the patio lights connected to your outdoor plug and light up your home for a memorable dinner party.
Made for the Outdoors
The Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Outdoor Plug has an IP64 rating that ensures your device is protected from dust and splashes of water from any direction. When not in use, the sockets should remain capped with the included weather-resistant cover.
Control Even with Your Hands Full
Enjoying a barbecue outdoors and have your hands full of condiments or food? Just use a simple voice command with your outdoor plug and Alexa, Google Assistant or Microsoft Cortana to control your stereo. Even turn outdoor lights on or off from the comfort of your couch with a simple command.
Technical Specifications +
Communication
Wi-fi Protocol
IEEE 802.11b/g/n
Wi-fi Frequency
2.4GHz
Wi-fi Requirements
Secured 2.4GHz home Wi-Fi
network
Kasa Smart App System Requirement
iOS 10 or Android 4.4 or higher
General
General Features
- Weather resistant (IP64) with fire retardant housing
- Individually controlled outlets
- Long range Wi-Fi (up to 300ft line of sight)
- No hub required
- Works with Alexa, Google Assistant and more
Mobile App Feature
- Control from anywhere
- Individual control
- Set Schedules, Timers and Scenes
- Away mode
- Group control
- Widgets quick control
Communication Security
Utilizes HTTPS with SSL/TLS technology
What’s In The Box
1 smart Outdoor Plug with 6.5-inch cable
1 clamp and screw
1 quick start guide
1 weather-resistant socket cover
Certification
FCC, ETL, IP64
Operating Temperature
-4°F ~ 122°F( -20ºC ~ 50ºC)
Operating Humidity
10%~90%RH, non-condensing
Environment
Outdoor and indoor
Warranty
2-year limited warranty (US only)
Working Status
Input
125V~, 60Hz, 15A Max
Output
15A maximum load in total
Power Rating
1875W MAX in total
What's Included
(1) Smart Outdoor Plug
(1) Socket Cover
(1) Clamp and Screw
(1) Quick Start Guide