Home Security System S03 WiFi Starter Kit Fortress Security Store Online
Memorial Day Sale
Use code: MEMORIAL20
Home Security System S03 WiFi Starter Kit
Ask Question Aboutaa s03-starter-kit
Home Security System S03 WiFi Starter Kit
The S03 Starter Kit is the perfect kit for smaller locations. Whether you are protecting an office, an apartment, an RV, or a smaller home this kit has everything you need. This land line enabled S03 system calls up to 6 phone numbers you specify in the event of an alarm (PSTN / RJ-11). With a built in siren and a remote wireless siren with adjustable volume, you can be sure that anyone that happens to intrude is given plenty of reasons to get out quickly. You can also place calls inbound to the main panel to control it remotely over the phone.
Power: Micro-USB 5V, 1A Internal battery backup
433 MHz wireless frequency
~150 ft. wireless range
802.11x compliant
RJ-11 Land Line connection
WiFi compatible
Land line capable
Compatible with Contact ID (CID) central monitoring
Built-in siren and voice responses
99 Zones w/ Up To 10 Accessories Each
Home Security System S03 WiFi Starter Kit Description
1 x S03 WiFi Main Panel
1 x Standard Motion Detector
1 x Door / Window Contact Sensor
2 x Remote Key Fob
2 x RFID Key Tag
1 x Micro-USB Power Supply
The S03 WiFi Starter Kit is the perfect kit for smaller locations. Whether you are protecting an office, an apartment, a RV, a storage unit, or a smaller home this kit has everything you need. The S03 panel can connect to WiFi and communicate with the free mobile app, available for iPhone and Android devices. Enabling the landline on the S03 system will allow your panel to call up to 6 phone numbers you specify in the event of an alarm (PSTN / RJ-11). With a built in siren and a wired plugin siren with adjustable volume, you can be sure that anyone that happens to intrude is given plenty of reasons to get out quickly. You can also remotely arm, disarm, and check the status of your system using the mobile app as well as place calls inbound to the main panel to control it remotely over the phone. The S03 WiFi now supports Amazon Alexa so you can connect your system to any Alexa enabled device for even greater control of your security.
Works with Wi-Fi and the MyFortress App for iOS / Android so you can receive notifications and check your alarm status right from your phone
Also compatible with landline / VoIP phone lines
Discreet hub can be placed in a central or hidden location
Built-in siren and voice responses
99 Zones with up to 10 sensors in each zone
This is my second time with a Fortress alarm. The WiFi is key go to YouTube to connect WiFi pretty easy. The Fortress App works great arm it from you’re phone anywhere. The App tells you if you’re system goes off you don’t need a landline you get alarm sound and a Email from Fortress. All the sensors are programmed Amazing company always updating there alarms don’t hesitate buy one. The reviews for the App are incorrect the App does what it’s supposed to do enjoy a piece of mind
After someone woke my elderly mother one night banging on her door I immediately order this, however I went through the "build a kit" and wish I would have bought this instead. It ended up being more with fewer sensors than this kit. Regardless I liked it so much I bought one for my home to replace an older S02 kit. The mobile app is what makes it worth it for me. If mom's alarm goes off I get a notification on my phone as well as a phone call.I recommend this system on my neighborhood watch as well. Many people cant afford the other brands that require a subscription, but this is a great system for the price. Add on the black siren and mount it outside and your neighbors will know when something's up, it is LOUD! Highly recommended, easy to install, very configurable. I will likely start getting this for other family members in the upcoming months.
Excellent features with wifi, mobile app and alexa-enabled.
After years of having wired security with monitoring, we decided we wanted to upgrade to wireless. After researching the various options available, we went with Fortress. I love the fact that we control who is called when there's a breach, and I appreciate the flexibility of the system. The website and installation videos were clear and helped me choose the right system for us. I greatly appreciated the prompt response of customer service when we had a question.