ecobee4 | ecobee | Smart Home Technology
ecobeelogo
ecobeelogo
present
ic_roomsensor_tstat_CA22
A9D321DF-71AF-4F89-8E7C-9AD74BC9025872
For Home
For Business
Company
Resources
Products
Main
Company
Resources
ecobee4
Pioneering a new generation of thermostats.
Room sensor to help manage hot or cold spots
Comes with built-in Amazon Alexa Voice Service
Ask it to order groceries, read the news, and more
$329
ecobee4
Pioneering a new generation of thermostats.
Room sensor to help manage hot or cold spots
Comes with built-in Amazon Alexa Voice Service
Ask it to order groceries, read the news, and more
$249
ecobee4
Provides All-Around Comfort
Be comfortable in the rooms that matter.
Most thermostats only read the temperature in one place (usually the hallway) which can make other rooms uncomfortable. ecobee4 comes with a room sensor to help manage hot or cold spots.
When you place sensors in your favorite rooms, ecobee4 can read the temperature and detect occupancy. That's how it ensures comfort in the rooms that matter.
Listens and Answers Back
Comes with Amazon Alexa Voice Service built inside.
With Amazon Alexa Voice Service built inside, ecobee4 can perform the many 'skills' that come with Alexa. All you have to do is ask, and watch the blue light pipe on top of the thermostat blink in response. For total hands-free control, it can even hear you from across the room.
Listens and Answers Back
Comes with Amazon Alexa Voice Service built inside.
With Amazon Alexa Voice Service built inside, ecobee4 can perform the many 'skills' that come with Alexa. All you have to do is ask, and watch the blue light pipe on top of the thermostat blink in response. For total hands-free control, it can even hear you from across the room.
Alexa, set a timer for 30 seconds.
30 seconds, starting now.
Alexa, play jazz.
Here’s a station for jazz music.
Alexa, set my ecobee to 72 degrees.
Alexa, set my ecobee to 22 degrees.
OK.
Alexa, give me a recipe.
I have an assortment of recipe skills to help you.
Alexa, add eggs to my shopping list.
Sure. Eggs are now on your list.
Lets You Focus
With Alexa, fulfill everyday tasks with a simple command.
Imagine you’re throwing a last-minute dinner party. Simply ask your ecobee4 to walk you through each step out loud – from finding the right recipes to the ideal music playlist.
Click on the sample commands below:
Alexa, set a timer for 30 seconds.
30 seconds, starting now.
Alexa, play jazz.
Here’s a station for jazz music.
Alexa, set my ecobee to 72 degrees.
Alexa, set my ecobee to 22 degrees.
OK.
Alexa, give me a recipe.
I have an assortment of recipe skills to help you.
Alexa, add eggs to my shopping list.
Sure. Eggs are now on your list.
Obsessively Engineered
Designed to be seen and heard.
ecobee4 has embedded microphones with far-field voice recognition and a speaker engineered for clear voice and full sound. It’s the smart thermostat that looks at home on your wall – that you can hear and speak to from across the room.
Keeps up with you
Not at your thermostat? No problem.
Comfort on the go
Adjust temperature and comfort settings easily from the ecobee mobile app on your Android and iOS devices, including Apple Watch.
Knows you have a life
Vacationing and forgot to let your ecobee know? Make a vacation event using the ecobee mobile app. If something’s wrong with your equipment, we can send you service alerts and reminders.
Control the volume
If it's getting a little loud for your taste, you can use the app to adjust the volume.
Saves you energy
Save up to 23%* in heating and cooling costs each year.
Plus, we’re ENERGY STAR® certified, so you know it's good for you and the planet.
Smart Home/Away can automatically enable the right mode for energy savings when it senses no one is home.
Free energy reports show you how much energy you’ve conserved each month and provide insight into your heating and cooling equipment.
Smarter Home
Engineered to belong in your home.
Easy set up
and install the ecobee yourself. We can connect you with
in your area, too.
Built to last
ecobee thermostats are hardwired, which means your thermostat isn’t relying on a battery or your HVAC equipment to charge itself.
Smarter Home
Engineered to belong in your home.
Easy set up
and install the ecobee yourself. We can connect you with
in your area, too.
Built to last
ecobee thermostats are hardwired, which means your thermostat isn’t relying on a battery or your HVAC equipment to charge itself.
Smart, really smart
You have better things to do than to teach your thermostat.
ecobee4 learns your home’s unique energy profile to transform thousands of data points into cost savings.
Smart, really smart
You have better things to do than to teach your thermostat.
ecobee4 learns your home’s unique energy profile to transform thousands of data points into cost savings.
Features
Ordinary thermostats read the temperature in only one room, but are supposed to deliver comfort in all rooms. ecobee4 room sensors deliver the right temperature in the rooms that matter most.
If your ecobee4 senses that you are home during your scheduled Away period, or away during your scheduled Home period, it will automatically override your schedule to maximize comfort and savings.
Control your comfort by averaging the temperature of the selected sensors that detect motion or all of the selected sensors in your home, regardless of motion.
ecobee4 understands how your home heats up and cools down, and uses wi-fi to track your local weather throughout the day. It then uses this information to determine the best way to bring your home to your desired indoor temperature when you arrive home and maintain it while minimizing how long your heating or cooling equipment runs for.
Home IQ™ shows you how much energy you conserved each month and gives you valuable insight into your heating and cooling equipment. It’s like a home energy audit at no additional cost!
ecobee4 is constantly monitoring your equipment performance and will send you an alert if anything is not working or working sub-optimally. Similarly, ecobee4 can send you service reminders to help you maintain your equipment.
ecobee4 can use your air conditioner to lower indoor humidity in the absence of a dehumidifier.
ecobee4 optimizes usage of multistage heating and cooling equipment by engaging the higher stage when indoor temperature is notably different than desired temperature and switching back to the lower stage as your home gets closer to the desired temperature. You can also control staging by using advanced setting options.
For homes with humidifiers, ecobee4 regulates indoor humidity to prevent frost buildup on windows when it’s cold outside and high humidity indoors.
At the end of a heating or cooling cycle, when the coil or heat exchanger is still hot/cold, ecobee4 runs the fan to get the most heating/cooling and dehumidification out from your equipment.
In homes with ventilators, ecobee4 will recognize the temperature difference on cool summer evenings and will use the outside air to cool down your home instead of the air conditioner.
ecobee smart thermostats are compatible with HRVs, ERVs, and Remote Sensors, giving you ultimate control over your environment. ecobee has a robust API and an active developer community working on new ways to integrate your thermostat into your connected home.
As Seen On
ecobee4
With a room sensor and built-in Amazon Alexa Voice Service, ecobee4 is the smart wi-fi thermostat that can listen to your voice commands and respond.
$249
Free shipping (2-3 business days)30-day money back guarantee3 year warrantyENERGY STAR® certified
ecobee4
With a room sensor and built-in Amazon Alexa Voice Service, ecobee4 is the smart wi-fi thermostat that can listen to your voice commands and respond.
$329
Free shipping (2-3 business days)30-day money back guarantee3 year warrantyENERGY STAR® certified
Technical Specs
Display
3.5” full-color LCD touch screen
320 x 480 pixel display
Product Dimensions
Thermostat
Length: 109 mm
Width: 109 mm
Depth: 26.1 mm
Trim Plate
Length: 158.59 mm
Width: 158.59 mm
Depth: 8.69 mm
Room Sensor
Length: 44 mm
With stand: 54 mm
Width: 44 mm
Depth: 20 mm
Power Extender Kit*
Length: 62.1 mm
Width: 60.1 mm
Depth: 21.4 mm
*Optional for installation
Thermostat sensors
Temperature
Humidity
Occupancy
Proximity
Voice & audio
Built-in Alexa Voice Service
Built-in microphones
Built-in speaker
Far-field voice recognition
Sensory TrulyHandsfree™ Wake Word engine
Compatibility
Gas, oil, electric, dual fuel
Conventional (2H/2C)
Heat Pump (4H/2C)
Humidifier, Dehumidifier, Ventilator, HRV or ERV
Wire Terminals
Rc
G
Y1
Y2
O/B
PEK
Rh
C
W1
W2
ACC -
ACC +
Connectivity & Security
Wi-Fi, IEEE 802.11 b/g/n @ 2.4 GHz
Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA/WPA2) and Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP)
DHCP (dynamic) or static IP addressing
Transport Layer Security (TLS)
915MHz
Bandwidth
15+ MB/month (dependent on Alexa Voice Service usage)
Power Consumption
less than 3.5 VA
Works with
Apple HomeKit, Amazon Alexa, Samsung SmartThings, IFTTT and .
Powering Methods
Wired 24 VAC through terminals C and Rc.
Power Extender Kit enables you to reliably power your thermostat without having to run a fifth wire.
Sustainability
Recycled packaging
Mercury-free
Arsenic-free
PVC-free
ROHS compliant
Temperature Range
Desired Temperature: 44° to 92°F (7° to 33°C)
Display: 41° to 98°F (5° to 37°C)
Sensitivity: +/- 0.9°F (+/- 0.5°C)
Operating: 32° to 131°F (0° to 55°C)
Humidity Range
Display: 20% to 90% RH
Sensitivity: +/- 5% RH
Operating: 5% to 95% RH (non-condensing)
Storage
-31° to 113°F (-35° to 45°C)
5% to 95% RH (non condensing)
Warranty
3-year warranty
Languages
English
In the Box
ecobee4 thermostat
ecobee4 mounting plate
Room sensor with detachable stand
Install guide
Wire labels
Voice card
Screws and drywall plugs
Optional for installation:
Power Extender Kit (PEK)
Trim plate
ecobee4Smarter Bundle
Save when you buy them together.
$313
ecobee4Smarter Bundle
Save when you buy them together.
$403
Room Sensors2 Pack
Pairs with your ecobee to help manage hot or cold spots.
$79
Room Sensors2 Pack
Pairs with your ecobee to help manage hot or cold spots.
$89
Address207 Queens Quay West, Suite 600 Toronto, ON M5J 1A7Phone1-877-932-6233 (Toll Free)1-647-428-2220 (International) (Toll Free) (International)Email Sales HoursMon-Fri (9am - 5pm EST)Support HoursMon-Fri (8am - 12am EST)Sat/Sun (9am - 9pm EST)Canadian holidays (9am - 9pm EST)
© 2019 ecobee. All rights reserved.