Air Quality Monitor by Foobot
Any questions?
The air quality monitor you need
Enjoy Breathing. Foobot keeps an eye on your air.
Buy now
See what you breathe
Foobot is an indoor air quality monitor. It can smell the invisible, odorless pollutants in your environment and makes them visible through its LED display. In one glance, the color and breadth of its glow will let you know whether your air feels more like a forest in the Alps or a freeway in L.A.
Track the airborne pollutants that impact your health
The Foobot app educates you on the causes and consequences of your activities and how they affect air quality at each of the monitoring locations in your home. It provides you with real-time readings and charts of each pollutant over a period of time, starting from day one. Now, you’ll be able to identify pollution sources and patterns more easily.
Foobot reinforces good habits, as you will stay informed of what’s going on inside your home in order to be more reactive and avoid health problems.
Foobot tracks *
Particulate matter
Temperature
Chemical pollutants
Humidity
Asset 4
06:32
Family wakes up.
When the household is sleeping, nothing moves and people breathe and perspire slowlier. When family wakes up, VOC from our bodies is boosted, dust in the carpet is propelled into the air, kitchen accessories like the coffee machine expel humidity… and Foobot senses that!
13:05
Cleaning up the house
Oops. Someone is using detergent or bleach to clean the floors, which releases loads of chemical compounds (VOCs) when the floor dries. A spike in tiny particulates (PM2.5) is common during cleaning sessions and usually occurs while vacuuming or moving objects around.
15:00
The kids are home!
School is out, and the kids race through the house in their excitement. Small spikes like this occur all the time due to human activity and are not serious. Regarding how indoor air quality (IAQ) affects our health, what matters most is not so much the intensity of a temporary spike, but rather the duration of exposure.
21.13
A roaring fire and a glass of wine
Particle pollution (PM) is most commonly the result of combustion. This means PM spikes can mostly be linked to cooking or chimney fires — the latter being especially true if you have an open fireplace or if the chimney draws poorly. Another source of PM spikes is when outdoor air, polluted by vehicle emissions or plants, comes inside the home.
* Note: While Foobot can form a key component in your environmental protection strategy, please note that the device does not track carbon monoxide, nitrogen dioxide and nitrogen oxides, radon or other criteria pollutants. Please refer to the technical specs for a full list.
What our users say
Foobot has been tremendously helpful at helping us understand how comfortable and healthy
client homes are before and after.
Nate Adams
Home performance expert Energy Smart Ohio
Would you drink discolored water? What if you could see that your air was dirty? Foobot empowers
you with knowledge you didn't have before.
Nathan Wood
Ventilation specialist Farmwood
Foobot is an essential part of my home. I can take care of pollutants that I was not aware
of before, boosting my home's air quality.
Georgi Chokov
Open your windows at the right time
Compare your indoor air monitored by Foobot with the geolocated outdoor air—right from the mobile app.
Spot the sources of pollution and eliminate them
Foobot alerts you when a pollution spike occurs, along with the type of pollutant and how much pollution you’re dealing with.
Connect the dots. Have you introduced a new product into your home? A new behavior? Nip it in the bud thanks to Foobot.
Complex topic made simple
Just glance at Foobot to know where your air stands.
Complex topic made simple
Just glance at Foobot to know where your air stands.
No need to have a PhD to understand your air. Foobot compiles the data collected from its four sensors. Then, it assembles an overall score that reflects the air quality index of your home on a scale from 0 to 100.
Accurate Measurements
Before the first generation of Foobot was launched in 2014, you would have had to pay thousands of dollars for a lab-grade air monitor. However, such devices are not suitable for homes.
Families need answers for questions like, “Is my detergent making my air less healthy?” or “Do I need to open the window right now?” This is why we created Foobot. Our sensor has been designed to detect the trends of air quality, and it lets you know whether things are getting better or worse.
In 2018, the Berkeley National Laboratory concluded that Foobot was highly correlated with quantitative responses for most of the large cooking and combustion sources, when Awair was not.
Want to get rid of pollutants without lifting a finger?
Use Nest together with Foobot to get fresh air
24/7
Foobot works seamlessly with Google Nest smart thermostats.
In most U.S. homes, Nest connects to the HVAC system. Foobot can then take over the ventilation system and control airflow renewal based on real-time pollution measurements.
Our users who connect Foobot to their Nest experience 53% less exposure to air polluted by particles and 35% less exposure to air polluted by VOCs.
Over the course of a lifetime, this could add years to one’s life.
Get fresh air 24/7 effortlessly
Connect Foobot to a suite of home automation smart devices, directly from the Foobot app.
Foobot works with
&dollar199 Purchase now
Free shipping to the United States & Europe
30-day money-back guarantee
1-year warranty
As featured in
Foobot pioneers innovative air monitoring products, services and technologies that lead to improved air quality indoors.
Airboxlab US
479 Jessie Street
San Francisco, CA
94103 United States
Airboxlab EU
3 ave du Blues
L-4368 Belvaux
Luxembourg
Follow us
Get tips to improve your air
Foobot®—Airboxlab S.A.S.—©
2019
>