Nest Learning Thermostat - Programs Itself, Helps Save Energy - Google Store Nest and Google Home. Now under one roof.
Cancel
Guest
An error occurred while cancelling your delivery. Please try again later.An error occurred while processing your purchase. Please try again later.An error occurred while cancelling your repair. Please try again later.Your promo code has been applied to your order and can be seen at checkout.Could not load the specified resource.Devices on Google Play moved to the new Google Store!Devices that you add to your basket must have the same Preferred Care plan. Add or remove Preferred Care for this device to match what’s already in your basket or buy this device in a separate order.We can't ship this with other items in your cart. Try purchasing it separately.Unfortunately, we couldn't add that to your cart. There are limits on how many you can buy.Unfortunately, we only allow one Trade In per order. Please remove Trade In to add Pixel to your cart.Your order is still being processed. Check your
before placing another order.You are now on Google Store Canada. Your basket has been cleared.Your delivery address couldn’t be changedWe didn't recognise your address. Please make sure that it is spelled correctlyPage is expired. Please refresh the pageFailed to email dispatch label, Please try again later.Dispatch label email has been sent.Something went wrong. Please try againThere was a problem completing your repair order. Please submit your order again. Don’t refresh the page.Dismiss
Google Nest Learning ThermostatOverviewTech Specs$329Free delivery†BuyGoogle Nest Learning ThermostatOverviewTech Specs$329Free delivery†BuyTwo rings to fit any style.Polished steelStaineless SteelYour life with Nest.The Nest Learning Thermostat automatically adapts as your life and the seasons change. Just use it for a week and it programs itself.
2:00 PMPop off your old thermostat and install your new Nest. It should take about half an hour. Now turn up the temperature and get comfortable.10:30 PMYou turn down the heat on your way to bed. Nest gets to know what you like and starts building a schedule: cozy in the morning and cool at night. Put a Nest Temperature Sensor in any room, like the baby’s room, and you can tell Nest to make that room a priority (sold separately).7:00 AMAfter you turned up the heat a few days in a row, Nest learned you like eating breakfast at 21º. So now it warms up the house as you get out of bed.8:30 AMYou’re off to work. The Nest Thermostat can use sensors and your phone’s location to check if you’ve left, then sets itself to an Eco Temperature to save energy.4:30 PMThe babysitter calls to say she picked up the kids from soccer and they’re heading home. You adjust the temperature from your phone so they’ll be cozy.Get Nest on your wall.It’s easy to install the Nest Thermostat. Everything you need comes in the box. And it’s quick—most people install it in 30 minutes or less. Need help? You can call us 24/7.Watch the installation video† To qualify for free delivery at the lowest cost, your order total must be at least $45 before estimated taxes and after any discounts are applied. Separate, multiple orders cannot be combined to total $45 or more to receive free delivery.