C by GE | C by GE Life
Menu
C-Life is the LED smart bulb that gives you more control of a perfect everyday light.
Smart light. Smart life.
C-Life provides Bluetooth-enabled, voice control* of the optimal soft white light—with instant dimming and brightening, preset scenes, and more. Perfect for every room, all day.
*when paired with a voice assistant
vs.
One color setting
Active (Daytime)
Bluetooth enabled
Dim or brighten without a dimmer switch
Schedule to turn on/off automatically
Preset lighting scenes
Group & control multiple bulbs
Voice control and out-of-home control when paired with C-Reach and Voice Assistant (C-Reach sold separately)
Three color settings
Vibrant (AM)
Active (Daytime)
Calm (PM)
Supports your sleep/wake cycle
Bluetooth enabled
Dim or brighten without a dimmer switch
Schedule to turn on/off automatically
Preset lighting scenes
Group & control multiple bulbs
Voice control and out-of-home control when paired with C-Reach and Voice Assistant (C-Reach sold separately)
Voice and
out-of-home control with the Google Assistant
C by GE bulbs are made to work with your Google devices. So connect your C-Life bulbs right out of the box and enjoy out-of-home or voice control all from the Google Home app. No hub needed. Tomorrow’s armful of groceries thank you.
Voice and
out-of-home control with Amazon Alexa
Want to enjoy voice and out-of-home control? Pair C-Life with C-Reach and an Amazon Alexa product and link them to the C by GE and Alexa apps. Edison and Alexa, together at last.
Smartphone control with the new C by GE App
Easily create any custom
scene you want
Set your lights to automatically turn on/off or dim/brighten at specific times of a day
Group your lights to control multiple bulbs at once
C-Life General Purpose 2-Pack
Get our soft white LED smart bulbs—perfect light for any room.
C-Life Voice Starter Kit - General Purpose
Buy this starter kit for voice and out-of-home control of your C-Life Bulbs.** When paired with a voice assistant
C-Life Indoor Floodlight 2-Pack
Extend your smart light with C-Life Indoor Floodlights for ceiling fixtures.
Indoor Floodlight
Smart light for ceilings
Specifications Per Bulb
Brightness: 850 lumens
Actual Wattage Used: 9.5W
Replacement Wattage: 65W* *Provides more light output than a 65W BR30 incandescent bulb (850 lumens vs. 700 lumens)
Estimated Energy Cost Per Year: $1.14 (based on 3 hours use per day at 11c per kWh)
Rated Life: 13.7 years (at 3 hours per day use)
Light Appearance: 2000K (Calm) / 2700K (Active) / 7000K (Vibrant)
Bulb Type: BR30
Base Type: Medium (E26)
Connectivity: Bluetooth
Compatible With: The Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa when paired with the C-Reach Smart Bridge
General Purpose
Smart light for everywhere else
Specifications Per Bulb
Brightness: 850 lumens
Actual Wattage Used: 9.5W
Replacement Wattage: 60W* *Provides more light output than a 60W incandescent bulb (850 lumens vs. 840 lumens)
Estimated Energy Cost Per Year: $1.14 (based on 3 hours use per day at 11c per kWh)
Rated Life: 13.7 years (at 3 hours per day use)
Light Appearance: 2000K (Calm) / 2700K (Active) / 7000K (Vibrant)
Bulb Type: A19
Base Type: Medium (E26)
Connectivity: Bluetooth
Compatible With: The Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa when paired with the C-Reach Smart Bridge
Get smarter about C-Life smart bulbs.
for additional support.
"Amazing!! I will be getting more for other rooms. The bulbs work so well with my Alexa Sol"
AMAZON
Tyler
Learn more about light that does more
App available for download
Sign up to receive updates on exciting new C by GE products
Subscribe for all C by GE communications
Thank you!
App available for download
2019 © Copyright General Electric Company.C by GE, C-Life and C-Sleep are trademarks of General Electric Company.
|
|
|
|
Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. The Bluetooth word mark is a registered trademark owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc., and any use of such mark by GE is under license.
Your Cart
Your cart is empty
Sign up to receive updates on exciting new C by GE products
Subscribe for all C by GE communications
Thank you for Joining!
Don't forget to check your email to complete your subscription.