Eve Flare | evehome.com
outdoor
outdoor
control
control
wellbeing
wellbeing
lighting
lighting
security
security
About Eve
About Eve
This website uses cookies to enable certain functions and to improve your user experience. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Got it!
Eve Flare
Transform any space
Portable Smart
LED Lamp
Shop now
Shop now
Buy from Eve
Your Choice
incl. VAT, plus shipping
Free FedEx Ground shipping within the US
Free shipping in Germany, incl. VAT
Buy from our partners
Only available at the Eve Store
Not available in your country.
Select your country
Portable
Voice control
IP65 water resistance
Shop now
Indulge in the aura of any color you wish, anywhere you want. Eve Flare delivers ultra-versatile ambient lighting that’s so mesmerizing, you’ll recreate the ideal atmosphere again and again and again. Just for the joy of it.
Glow wherever you go.
6 hours of untethered illumination. Wireless charging. Durable casing with IP65 water resistance. Plus a carry-and-hang handle. Eve Flare is built to go from your bedroom to your balcony to your garden and beyond – virtually wherever you need a pop of light.
Hey Siri, it's movie time.
Set the mood in a snap.
Activating your desired ambience is effortless. Just use the app or chat to Siri whenever the mood strikes. Or set a timer and have Eve Flare come to life by itself, courtesy of your home hub.
Rediscover your favorite colors.
Explore ready-made shades such as scarlet, capri, and jade. Or handpick and fine tune your own. With the entire color spectrum at your fingertips, you hone the perfect hue for every occasion. And a quick swipe or voice command gets the brightness just right.
Command on demand.
Set scenes in a flash via Siri, your Control Center, or Apple Watch. Easily engage accessories using the Home app on your iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch. And to see concise records, gain insights, and enjoy full control of your connected home, look no further than the Eve app.
Safe as houses.
Eve accessories are exclusively HomeKit-enabled. Your personal data is under no circumstances captured, saved to a cloud, or sold. Even when accessing your home remotely via your home hub, all data is end-to-end encrypted and stored on your iPhone or iPad. Superior privacy, advanced security, and absolute peace of mind – it’s all here.
Truly smart.
Equipped with Bluetooth low energy technology, Eve accessories ensure reliable operation independently of bridges. Setup is quick and easy. Energy consumption is minimal. And accessory response time is snappy.
Compatible with your ecosystem.
Straight out of the box, Eve accessories work with your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, and Apple Watch. Your HomePod, Apple TV or iPad will serve as a home hub, seamlessly automating your accessories and keeping you connected while out and about.
Connect with us
Technical Details
Requirements
Specifications
In the Box
To control this HomeKit-enabled accessory, iOS 12.1 or later is recommended. To automate and control this accessory while away from home, you need either a HomePod, an Apple TV with tvOS 11 or later, or an iPad with iOS 11 or later set up as a home hub.
Light
Built-in 90 lm LED
Operating Range
0° - 40° C / 32° - 104° F
0% - 80% Humidity
IP65 Water Resistance
Power
Built-in Battery: 6+ hours
Wireless Charging Input: AC 100-240 V, 50/60 Hz
Energy Efficiency Class: A++ - A
Wireless Connection
Bluetooth Low Energy
Dimensions
Ø 25 cm
Eve Flare
Wireless Charging Base
Power Supply (EU type C plug)
Quick Start Guide
Works wonders with others.
Company
B2B
Shop
Connect
Languages
Wechsle zur deutschen Seite, um Inhalte für deine Region zu sehen und online einzukaufen.
Wechseln
Wechseln
Change to the international website to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Continue
Continue
Change to the North American website to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Continue
Continue
Choisissez la page en français pour afficher le contenu correspondant à votre région et acheter en ligne.
Continuer
Continuer