MagicLight WiFi Original Bulb
Search
or
Menu
Search
WiFi Bulbs
›
WiFi 60 Watt Smart Light Bulb (Multicolor)
WiFi 60 Watt Smart Light Bulb (Multicolor)
WiFi 60 Watt Smart Light Bulb (Multicolor)
4 reviews
Sale price
$ 28.95
Regular price
$ 49.95
Default Title - Out of Stock
Quantity
Add to Cart
Presenting the MagicLight WiFi Original Bulb! Over the past two years, this has been our best-selling WiFi product. This is our most tried and tested WiFi bulb, with a lifetime of 20,000 hours. This bulb consumes only 7 watts while shining at 550 lumens, providing you with about 80% energy...
Presenting the MagicLight WiFi Original Bulb! Over the past two years, this has been our best-selling WiFi product. This is our most tried and tested WiFi bulb, with a lifetime of 20,000 hours. This bulb consumes only 7 watts while shining at 550 lumens, providing you with about 80% energy...
Presenting the MagicLight WiFi Original Bulb! Over the past two years, this has been our best-selling WiFi product. This is our most tried and tested WiFi bulb, with a lifetime of 20,000 hours. This bulb consumes only 7 watts while shining at 550 lumens, providing you with about 80% energy savings compared to its’ incandescent equivalent. MagicLight bulbs have over 16 million dimmable color options plus multiple shades of white from cool to warm tones. You can connect as many WiFi MagicLights as your router will allow, and you can easily control them remotely with your smartphone, tablet, Amazon Echo with Alexa Voice Control or using the Google Assistant.
Voice Control via Amazon Alexa
Alexa, set bedroom to 10%;
Alexa, turn on kitchen room;
Alexa, change the bedroom to the green;
Voice Control via Google Home
Hey Google, Turn on the office;
Hey Google, Dim the bedroom;
Hey Google, Turn kitchen to purple;
MagicLight Free APP
Set a timer for auto-shut off
Create schedules
Choose the color and brightness
Set a sunrise and sunset effect timer
✔ No Hub Required: Works with any WiFi router without the need for a separate hub or paid subscription. Please make sure the bulb is placed in a socket with good wifi signal strength. Placing in metal or enclosed fixture is going to interfere with the wifi signal.
✔ Compatibility: Supports IFTTT, Alexa, and Google Home Assistants✔ Music Sync: Music Sync allows you to automatically change the lights to match your music. Rock, Normal, Jazz or Classical settings to control different transitions.✔ Group Bulbs: Control each bulb individually, or together as a group.✔ Colors Settings: Personalize your lights with a color palette of over 16 million colors and different tones of white light, and every color is dimmable.✔ Camera Mode: Use your favorite photos to set up the colors. From an orange colored tropical sunset to blueish/green northern lights, you have a world of color at your fingertips.✔ Dynamic & Customs: Pick from 20 Pre-programmed color modes to kick-start your party or create your own custom light show for each bulb or group of bulbs.✔ Timer: With light schedules, MagicLight WiFi bulbs can make it seem like you're home when you're not. Set the lights to come on/off at a pre-set time so you can come home to a bright well lit home.✔ Sunrise & Sunset: Use the "Sunrise" feature to wake up gently to a gradually brightening light. Let the lights turn off gradually at night, so you never have to worry about whether you've left any lights on.✔ Night-Light: The Night-Light function lets you pick the perfect amount of warm white light to help illuminate your home without keeping you awake from too much light.✔ Scene Mode: This is an awesome mode to bring your photos to life by setting the bulbs to colors picked from your favorite photos.✔ Mic Function: You can use this mode to sync any sounds or music to create a fun and exciting environment. ✔ Remotely Control: You can control your light while you are not at home.
MagicLight Triangle WiFi bulb is a revolutionary new light bulb that changes the way you see light. It goes from a normal energy-efficient LED bulb to a versatile color changing bulb with the push a button. From changing the atmosphere of a room to bringing a party to life, our smart bulbs will give life to your lights.
Control From AnywhereTake full control of your lights from anywhere in the world. Check to see if you left the lights on, make it appear that you are home by turning your lights on/off at random times, or turn your lights on before walking into a dark home.
Sunrise/Sunset & On/Off TimersUse the "Sunrise" feature to wake up gently to a gradually brightening light. Let the lights turn off gradually at night for a more calming way to fall asleep.  Set timers so you never have to worry whether you've left any lights on.
Endless Colors and WhiteSmart bulbs that can be used as your everyday light and to create that perfect mood. Perfect for home, office, hotel, exhibitions, photography and more!
Dimmable Via App
Set your own Brightness and Color Temperature. Dim your lights in the evening to reduce stress and calm down. *Not for use with dimmer switch.
Sync Color with Music
Sync light to your favorite music and enjoy every beat to the fullest. Transform any room into a dance floor, or create a relaxing and tranquil atmosphere. This is a great way to relax and unwind after a long day or make your kids bedtime an enjoyable experience.
Endless possibilities
Flash the colors of your favorite sports team, enhance your movies and /music, bring a party to life, and so much more! With MagicLight you'll have millions of colors to choose from right from your fingertips.
Who doesn't like colorful light? The great thing about MagicLight color changing bulbs is they can also be used as normal bulbs as well.  Anywhere from a warm white to an energizing cool blue-white.
Unlike our competitors, MagicLight WiFi Bulbs do not require an expensive hub to work. Each bulb is connected to your router which means it can be controlled from anywhere in the world.
Easy Installation:
1. Download the "MagicLight WF V2" from the app store (iOS or Android).
2. Install the Smart Bulb to a powered source.
3. Open App to connect the bulb.
Customer Reviews
Based on 4 reviews
100% (4)
0% (0)
0% (0)
0% (0)
0% (0)
B
B.D.
Great Light Setup was easy and worked great with my Google Home. Love the various colors options.
K
K.R.D.
Great smart bulb!!! So easy to install and use. Also connected to Alexa with no problem. I am very pleased. Now I can turn on my carport light when I come home in the dark. Would really like to see some led’s in the candlelabra bulbs. Thanks fo a great product
J
J.L.
WiFi Original bulb Purchased a WiFi original bulb fo add to my holiday decorations and missed a small detail in the instructions on timer set up. I sent an email to support and got a response the next day. Problem solved, the bulb works great and is easy to control. WiFi range is excellent.
N
N.S.
Best WiFi-controlled colored light value out there I love these bulbs for three main reasons:
1) They look amazing. I've put them into cheap spot lights ($14 at Home Depot) to shoot sexy back-lighting behind the desk in my music studio.
2) They're easy to install and you don't need a central hub to make them all work together.
3) They are THE best value in WiFi-controlled, colored lighting you can find. Beats the heck out of the price of other colored light bulbs (like Philips).
A couple other notes -
I think the app is great and easy to use (search for "magic home wireless") in the app store. Would love to see an option for a staggered fade between multiple lights in a group so that lights fade into different colors in a program at the same time (rather than fade into each color all at the same time). Would be great to have a dedicated iPad version of the app too (or just make the app universal).
Also, I would switch every bulb in my house to this system if they made all the different interior flood light sizes. Check out the pic of my studio to see how cool they look! I just bought two more spotlights and two more bulbs to cover the other side of the room!! I just wish I could put flood lights into the recessed lighting above - these bulbs aren't the right size for that sort of application.
Follow Us
© 2019. Magic Light. All Rights Reserved.
Follow Us
amazon payments
american express
diners club
discover
jcb
master
paypal
visa