Bacnet Programmable Controller - Bravo Controls
Currency:
USD
CAD
CNY
WOOCS 2.2.7.1
Language:
All Categories
Controllers
Bacnet Controllers
Converters
Expansion I/O
PC
PWM
Damper Motors
Electrical
OEM
Power Meter
CTs
Single Phase Meter
Wattnode meter
Relays
Sensors
C02, Hum, AQ
Current Sensors
Flow
Fluid Level Switch
Occupancy
Pressure
Temperature Sensors
Thermostats
Communicating Stats
Stand Alone Thermostats
Thermostat covers
Valves
Weather Station
Categories
All Categories
T3 Series Bacnet Programmable controller
T3 Series Bacnet Programmable controller$125.00 – $266.00
Pricing
The T3 series Bacnet programmable controller is a low cost performer with big system features. There are three versions with various I/O configurations and can be expanded with external i/o modules to form a complete building automation solution.
Product Highlights:
Sturdy construction, consistently gets good comments from our clients.
UL listed ABS enclosure with rubberized texture creates a high end feel
Software configure the I/O ranges with the free T3000 software or by writing to the registers with your own software
Each output has a hand-off-auto switch for easy troubleshooting and overrides
Universal I/O can be configured for nearly any sensor, no jumper settings required.
Each I/O as well as the RS485 connections have a separate screw terminal
Connect over Ethernet,RS485, Zigbee and USB.
Supports Modbus RTU and Bacnet protocols simultaneously.
Starter space source code is avaliable
T3000 front end is free and open source: http://tinyurl.com/n7kkqp6
Compiled version of the front end is here: https://tinyurl.com/y7uyu9n3
Available Options:
{{ attribute.name }}
Any
{{ option.name }}
3 Series Bacnet Programmable controller
Using these controllers, the building operator can manage typical HVAC systems including chillers, boilers, VAVs, air handlers from an intuitive graphical front. All systems are shown on screen with graphical floorplans and system diagrams. The software is free so there are no licences or monthly cloud service fees. Systems can be built up from a single controller all the way up to campus type environments with multiple buildings and thousands of devices. All communications takes place using industry standard bacnet and modbus protocols, together with an open source front end this system can be considered the most open system of its kind.Each controller has Ethernet and RS485 ports and supports both modbus and bacnet protocols on any of these ports. Besides,the data can be routed from one protocol to another over any port.
*The 2 universal outputs can be selected by jump as either 1-10V analog or relay outputs.
**Zigbee module.
Setup and programming are done on a PC, all settings, i/o configuration, programming, floorplans and alarms are set up in the T3000 front-end software. Once the programming is done,you can save the program for backup or load it into another controller. It’s very easy to edit the logic since the T3000 software serves not only as the front-end for the building operator but also as the back-end for the controls technicians.
Dimensions:
Part Number Scheme:
Works with: https://bravocontrols.com/product/bacnet-room-setpoint-temp-display/
Weight
N/A
Related Products
Product added!
The product is already in the wishlist!
$135.00
Availability: In stockOut of stock
The CM5 Boiler Room Controller is a fully programmable Bacnet controller for radiant heating and more.
Product added!
The product is already in the wishlist!
$48.00 – $96.00
Availability: In stockOut of stock
This full-featured thermostat is designed for cooling and heating systems in residential and commercial buildings.
Product added!
The product is already in the wishlist!
$12.00
Availability: In stockOut of stock
The USB to RS485 Converter is suited for transmitting smaller blocks of data over long distances with many nodes sharing the two wire bus.
Address:
4416 South Parkside Court Spokane, WA, Washington, US 99223
Phone:
(509) 204-7060
Email:
My Account
Newsletter
OK
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Copyright © 2019 BravoControls, All Rights Reserved.