Apple TV 4K - Apple
Cancel
Overview
Apple TV 4K.
Cinematic in every sense.
Apple TV 4K lets you watch movies in amazing 4K HDR and with immersive sound from Dolby Atmos. It has great content from apps like Amazon Prime Video, Netflix, and ESPN. And later this year, Apple TV gets even easier to enjoy with new features designed to make your TV experience remarkably personal.
4K HDR sets a new standard.
4K gives you a crisper picture using four times more pixels than standard HD. High Dynamic Range (HDR) delivers brighter, more realistic colors and greater detail. From the hottest new movie to your favorite TV show, everything is more lifelike than ever.
4K
4K HDR
Dramatization
Dolby Atmos. It’s sound, turned up to 360.
Combine Apple TV 4K with a Dolby Atmos–compatible sound system and you’re fully immersed in three-dimensional audio that sends sound around and above you with pinpoint precision. Whether a jet zooms overhead or a torrential downpour erupts, the true-to-life sound puts you inside the action. And as the first streaming player to be both Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos certified, Apple TV 4K brings home the complete cinematic experience.
Tremendous titles in 4K HDR and Dolby Atmos.
Jack Ryan
The new Apple TV app.The ultimate TV experience.All in one app.
The Apple TV app is personalized and expertly curated, so you’ll discover the best of what’s on — including thousands of movies to buy or rent and original shows and movies from Apple TV+. It’s all in one place. On all your screens. It’s simple — the new Apple TV app is the ultimate way to watch TV.
Control your TV with Touch.
The Apple TV Remote has a precise Touch surface, so you can use your thumb to quickly and accurately find what you want. You can also adjust the volume on your TV or A/V receiver. And thanks to Bluetooth, you don’t have to point your remote at your TV. Apple TV picks up your commands from anywhere in the room.
The App Store. It’s more than just fun and games.
The App Store on Apple TV has something for everyone. Entertainment apps like Amazon Prime Video, HBO GO, FOX, and Netflix. Thousands of top sports, fitness, and lifestyle apps. And, of course, your favorite games. The A10X Fusion chip provides a powerful platform to run every last one of them smoothly and beautifully.
Your photos, videos, and music. It’s all on TV.
Enjoy your photos and videos from iCloud Photos or shared albums on the big screen. Connect Apple Music to your home theater. And let your friends and family share their photos and videos with AirPlay.
Memories automatically creates collections of your best photos and videos, and Apple TV lets you see them in 4K. If you create Live Photo loops or bounces on your iPhone, you can share those on the big screen, too.
Apple Music gives you access to over 50 million songs — and music videos from the ’80s and ’90s to today’s top artists — all on your Apple TV. So you can use it to power the party or just listen, watch, and discover great music with family and friends.
Let iPhone run the show.
Turn your iPhone into an Apple TV remote.
Once you connect Apple TV to your iPhone or iPad, the Apple TV Remote app is automatically installed in Control Center on your iOS device.
Control your smart home through Apple TV.
Shut your garage door. Control your home’s heat or air conditioning. Double-check the locks. Apple TV lets you use your iOS device to control HomeKit-enabled accessories remotely with the Home app.
Coming Later This Year
Watch what’s coming to Apple TV.
Discover a new Home screen designed for discovery.
Watching your favorite programs — or finding a few new ones — is about to get easier and more engaging. The newly reimagined Home screen puts all your favorite apps front and center, and now features full-screen video previews that pull you into new movies, the latest music, and top-rated games.
Switch from user to user to user. Fast.
The new Control Center features multiuser support — giving you the freedom to quickly switch between family members and their unique Up Next lists, or video and music collections, or recommendations. So when you watch TV, the entire experience is tailored to you and only you.
Dive deep into new screen savers.
We’ve partnered with the BBC Natural History Unit to capture stunningly immersive underwater screen savers — filmed in mesmerizing 4K HDR — from bodies of water all over the globe. Go far beneath the surface and explore a world that few have experienced firsthand.
When it comes to games, we’re not playing around.
Apple Arcade will be a gaming service unlike any other. There are over 100 new games, and from mythical landscapes to earth-shattering explosions, the experience is all too real on your big screen with Apple TV.
Discover a new Home screen designed for discovery.
Watching your favorite shows — or finding a few new ones — is about to get easier and more engaging. The newly reimagined Home screen puts all your favorite apps front and center, and it features full-screen video previews that pull you into new movies, the latest music, and top-rated games.
Switch from user to user to user. Fast.
The new Control Center features multiuser support — giving you the freedom to quickly switch between family members and their unique Up Next lists, or video and music collections, or recommendations. So when you watch TV, the entire experience is tailored to you and only you.
Dive deep into new screen savers.
We’ve partnered with the BBC Natural History Unit to capture stunningly immersive underwater screen savers — filmed in mesmerizing 4K HDR — from bodies of water all over the globe. Go far beneath the surface and explore a world that few have experienced firsthand.
When it comes to games, we’re not playing around.
Apple Arcade will be a gaming service unlike any other. There are over 100 new games, and from mythical landscapes to earth-shattering explosions, the experience is all too real on your big screen with Apple TV.
Apple TV Plus
Original stories fromthe most creative mindsin TV and film.
For All Mankind
The Morning Show
The Morning Show
See
The new Apple TV app
The ultimate TV experience.All in one app.
Apple Footer
Not all content is available in 4K or 4K HDR. 4K resolution requires 4K-capable TV. Accessing Dolby Atmos features requires Dolby Atmos-capable devices. Playback quality will depend on hardware and Internet connection.
Subscription may be required to access some content. Live sports subject to blackouts. Title availability is subject to change. Some applications are not available in all areas. Application availability is subject to change.
iCloud requires an iCloud-enabled device. Some features require iOS 12 and macOS Mojave. Some features require a Wi-Fi connection. Some features are not available in all countries or regions. Access to some services is limited to 10 devices.
Apple Music requires a subscription.
is available on the Apple TV app. Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse © 2018 Sony Pictures Animation Inc. All rights reserved. MARVEL and all related character names © & ™ 2019 MARVEL.
Watch Lost In Space now. Netflix streaming subscription required.
Watch Sneaky Pete on Prime Video with Prime membership.
is available on iTunes. The LEGO Batman Movie © 2017 WBEI. TM and © DC Comics. © 2017 The LEGO Group. All rights reserved.
Westworld © 2018 HBO Ole Partners. All rights reserved.
Game of Thrones is available on the Apple TV app.
is available on the Apple TV app. The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part © 2019 WBEI. © 2019 The LEGO Group. All Rights Reserved.
Features are subject to change. Some features, applications, and services may not be available in all regions or all languages.
Apple TV 4K
Learn
For Business
Account
Apple Values
About Apple
near you.
Copyright ©
2019
Apple Inc. All rights reserved.