Amazon Echo (2nd generation) — Alexa Speaker
<![endif]-->
Search
Valentine's Day Deals . Save on , , , , and .
42K+ Shares
Upgrade and save with Trade-In
Qty:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7+
Qty:1
Echo (2nd Generation) - S...
has been added to your Cart
Add to Cart
Buy Now
This is a gift, do not link to my account.
Devices are shipped pre-registered to your account.
Check this box if you are buying this device as a gift, or otherwise do not want your device to ship pre-registered to your account.  When the device arrives, register to an Amazon account.
Add Additional Items
Warranty and Accident Protection (delivered via e-mail):
$19.99
$14.99
from
SquareTrade, Inc.
$19.99
$14.99
Service plan term:
3 year
1 year
2 year
3 year
Your Protection Plan will be delivered via e-mail within 24 hours
Only compatible with Echo (2nd Generation, 2017 release) purchased within the last 30 days
Your card will be charged immediately, plan starts when device is delivered
Receive a replacement device 2 to 3 days after you make a valid claim
Make up to 3 claims during the term of your warranty
Cancel anytime, full refund in first 90 days
Fully transferable with gifts
No deductibles or shipping fees
Add to Order
Update
Decorate your Echo with Holiday Shells :
$29.99
from
Amazon.com
$29.99
Color:
Red/Green
Echo Shell is a decorative cover for the Amazon Echo (2nd Generation)
Available in unique fabric colors and premium finishes to match your décor
Your first Echo Shell is included in-box with your Echo (2nd Generation). Additional styles are available for purchase.
Made with polyester woven fabric
Limited Edition
Add to Order
Update
Amazon Smart Plug: Only $14.99 at checkout with purchase of Echo:
$24.99
$19.99
from
Amazon.com
$24.99
$19.99
Amazon Smart Plug works with Alexa to add voice control to any outlet.
Schedule lights, fans, and appliances to turn on and off automatically, or control them remotely when you're away.
Simple to set up and use-plug in, open the Alexa app, and start using your voice.
Compact design keeps your second outlet free.
No smart home hub required-set up routines and schedules through the Alexa app.
Add to Order
Update
$19.99
from
Amazon.com
$19.99
Echo Buttons are an interactive way to play games and control smart home routines through your compatible Echo device.
Choose from a catalog of 100+ compatible Alexa skills.
Activate an Alexa smart home routine with the press of a button.
Customize your own trivia game skill with Alexa Skill Blueprints.
Easy setup with an Echo, Echo Dot, Echo Show, Echo Plus, or Echo Spot. Just ask, "Alexa, setup my Echo Buttons".
Connect up to 4 buttons with compatible Echo devices using bluetooth
Each Echo Button requires 2 AAA batteries. Includes 4 AAA batteries.
Add to Order
Update
$29.99
$19.99
from
Amazon.com
$29.99
$19.99
Official remote for Echo Plus, Echo (1st and 2nd generation), Echo Dot (1st, 2nd and 3rd generation), Echo Show (1st and 2nd generation) and Echo Spot. (Not compatible with Amazon Tap)
Connects to Echo products via Bluetooth
Includes an integrated microphone for when you are too far away or it's too noisy for Echo to hear you
Dedicated buttons for volume up, volume down, play/pause, previous, and next
Remote works with one Echo at a time
Add to Order
Update
Make your Echo portable:
$59.95
from
Amazon.com
$59.95
Configuration:
Black
Black
Charcoal Fabric
Heather Gray Fabric
Limited Edition (RED)
Oak Finish
Sandstone Fabric
Walnut Finish
"Made for Amazon" certified accessory specially designed to work with Amazon Echo (2nd Generation)
Seamless pairing and integration between Amazon Echo (2nd Generation) and Sky
Rechargeable 8800mAh lithium-ion battery Lasts up to 8 hours* on a single charge
4 LED battery status indicator lights on the front of sky indicate battery level at a glance
To charge, use only with the Amazon Echo (2nd Generation) power supply
Acoustically transparent, anti-stain fabric with convenient, comfortable carry handle
Add to Order
Update
from
SquareTrade, Inc.
$19.99
$14.99
Your Protection Plan will be delivered via e-mail within 24 hours
Only compatible with Echo (2nd Generation, 2017 release) purchased within the last 30 days
Your card will be charged immediately, plan starts when device is delivered
Receive a replacement device 2 to 3 days after you make a valid claim
Make up to 3 claims during the term of your warranty
Cancel anytime, full refund in first 90 days
Fully transferable with gifts
No deductibles or shipping fees
Add 3-Year Accident Protection for Echo (2017 release) to your order
Continue
No thanks
about Alexa features and find a new favorite.
Image Unavailable
Image not available forColor:
See what Alexa can do
Echo (2nd Generation) - Smart speaker with Alexa - Charcoal Fabric
by
|
Amazon's Choice recommends highly rated, well-priced products available to ship immediately.
Amazon's
Choice
for ""
List Price:
$99.99
With Deal:
$69.99
& FREE Shipping.
You Save:
$30.00 (30%)
In Stock.
Ships from and sold by Amazon Digital Services LLC.
Gift-wrap available.
Color:
Charcoal Fabric
Configuration:
Echo
Echo
Echo Stereo Pair + Echo Sub
With Smart Plug
With $20 Smart Lighting Kit
Echo connects to Alexa to play music, read the news, set alarms and timers, answer questions, control compatible smart home devices, and more.
Just ask for a song, artist, or genre from Amazon Music, Apple Music, Spotify, Pandora, SiriusXM, and more. With multi-room music, you can play music on compatible Echo devices in different rooms. Echo can also play Audible audiobooks, radio stations, news briefs, and more.
Powerful speakers with Dolby technology play 360° audio with clear vocals and dynamic bass response. You can also use your voice to adjust equalizer settings or pair with another Echo (2nd Gen) for stereo sound.
Call and message almost anyone hands-free. Instantly drop in on other rooms in your home or make an announcement to every room with a compatible Echo device.
With seven microphones, beamforming technology, and noise cancellation, Echo hears you from any direction—even while music is playing.
Use your voice to turn on lights, adjust thermostats, lock doors, find TV shows, and do more with compatible connected devices.
Alexa is always getting smarter and adding new skills like tracking fitness, playing games, and more.
Jump to:
|
Smart Speakers
With Screens
Alexa On the Go
Fire Tablets
Kids Edition Tablets
Fire Tablet Show Mode
Streaming Media Players
Accessories
Kindle E-Readers
Kindle Bundles
Blink
Ring
Amazon Echo is a hands-free speaker you control with your voice. Echo connects to the Alexa Voice Service to play music, ask questions, make calls, send and receive messages, provide information, news, sports scores, weather, and more—instantly. All you have to do is ask.
Echo has an enhanced speaker that now features Dolby processing for improved immersive sound. It has seven microphones and beamforming technology so it can hear you from across the room—even while music is playing. When you want to use Echo, just say the wake word “Alexa” and Echo responds instantly.
The 2nd generation Echo has a 2.5” downward-firing woofer and 0.6” tweeter powered by Dolby to deliver crisp vocals and dynamic bass throughout the room. You can play music from Amazon Music, Apple Music, Spotify, Pandora, SiriusXM, and more. With , you can search by lyrics, time-period, or let Alexa pick the music for you. Set a music alarm to wake up to your favorite song or playlist. You can also listen to audiobooks from Audible, podcasts, radio stations, news briefs, and more.
Want to play music on an Echo in another room? Now with multi-room music, you can tell Alexa to play across your compatible Echo devices. Tell Alexa to play jazz in the kitchen, top pop in the family room, or play the same song throughout your whole home.
Switch on the lamp before getting out of bed, turn on the coffee maker on your way to the kitchen, or dim the lights from the couch to watch a movie—all without lifting a finger.
Control multiple devices with a single voice command, like locking the doors and turning off the lights at night.
about over 10,000 compatible smart home devices, including lights, thermostats, TVs, and more.
With Echo, you can talk to almost anyone hands-free—no tapping or searching required. Use Drop In to instantly connect to another compatible Echo at home or send an announcement across Echo devices, like calling the family for dinner or reminding the kids to go to bed. Plus, now with Skype calling stay in touch with friends and family in over 150 countries.
Tucked under the light ring is an array of seven microphones that use beamforming technology and enhanced noise cancellation. The 2nd generation Echo has improved wake-word performance to hear you ask a question from any direction—even in noisy environments or while playing music at loud volumes.
When you want to use Echo, simply say the wake word, “Alexa,” and Echo lights up and connects to the cloud, where the Alexa Voice Service recognizes and responds to your request instantly.
about voice recognition on Echo.
When you are running low on household essentials, Alexa makes it easy to refill your fridge or replenish your pantry. You can add everything from AA batteries to zucchini noodles to your shopping list, reorder favorite products from Amazon, or ask Alexa the status of your recent orders.
Alexa has more than 50,000 skills and counting. Skills are like apps and help you do more such as playing Jeopardy!, meditating with Headspace, and falling asleep to rain sounds. Create your own personal skills and custom responses with . Just say “Alexa, help me get started with skills.”
New skills are being added all the time. Discover them in the skills section of the Alexa app or visit the
Alexa is always getting smarter—the more you use Echo, the more Alexa adapts to your speech patterns, vocabulary, and personal preferences. And because Echo is always connected, updates are delivered automatically.
Just in the last few months we’ve added Alexa calling and messaging, multi-room music, voice profiles, and reminders, along with skills from third-party developers. .
Customize your Echo for any room with the , available in a range of fabrics and finishes.
Compare Echo Devices
Price
$49.99
From:
$99.99
$69.99
$149.99
$119.99
Overview
Add Alexa to any room
Room filling sound in various styles
Premium room-filling sound and built-in smart hub
Speaker size
1.6" speaker
2.5" woofer and 0.6" tweeter
3" neodymium woofer and 0.8" tweeter
Dual speakers, powered by Dolby
Controls smart home devices
Built-in Zigbee smart home hub
Streaming music
Line-out with 3.5 mm cable or Bluetooth
Line in or out
Free audio calls to US, Mexico, and Canada
Back to top
Technical Details
Size
5.8” x 3.4” x 3.4” (148 mm x 88 mm x 88 mm)
Weight
29.0 oz. (821 grams) Actual size and weight may vary by manufacturing process
Wi-Fi connectivity
Dual-band Wi-Fi supports 802.11 a/b/g/n (2.4 and 5 GHz) networks. Does not support connecting to ad-hoc (or peer-to-peer) Wi-Fi networks.
Bluetooth connectivity
Advanced Audio Distribution Profile (A2DP) support for audio streaming from your mobile device to Echo or from Echo to your Bluetooth speaker. Audio/Video Remote Control Profile (AVRCP) for voice control of connected mobile devices. Hands-free voice control is not supported for Mac OS X devices. Bluetooth speakers requiring PIN codes are not supported.
Audio
2.5” (63.5 mm) woofer and 0.6” (16 mm) tweeter
Alexa App
The Alexa App is compatible with Fire OS, Android, and iOS devices.
Accessibility Features
The Alexa app and Alexa-enabled products include several features for customers with accessibility needs related to vision, hearing, mobility, and speech. Learn more about .
Warranty and Service
. Optional , , and
extended warranty available for U.S. customers sold separately. Use of Echo is subject to the terms found .
Customer Questions & Answers
4.5 out of 5 stars
By customer groups & interests
Kitchen
4.5
Smart Home
4.5
Fire TV
4.5
Amazon Devices
4.5
Off to College Shopping
4.5
Is this feature helpful?
Yes
No
Thank you for your feedback.
Review this productShare your thoughts with other customers
Customer images
Read reviews that mention
Showing 1-8 of 39,798 reviewsTop ReviewsMost recentTop ReviewsThere was a problem filtering reviews right now. Please try again later.July 20, 2018Color: Charcoal FabricConfiguration: EchoVerified PurchaseI got some smart plugs so that I could turn on inside lights if we come home after dark with the app on my phone.My 82 y.o. Dad lives with me & has a hard time walking & he's also losing his ability to see at all in the dark, because of Macular Degeneration. So the last thing I need is him tripping over something in the dark, trying to turn lights on!!I have an Echo & Dot in my room, which I mostly use to stream music with my Amazon Music Unlimited.I was controlling even his bedroom light & the hallway light with the app on my phone as well as my Echo.So I bought two more Dots during prime day sale.It's been a game changer!!
My Dad struggled, even with the app on his phone to control the lights. Now that we have a Dot in his bedroom & an Echo & Dot in the living room, he's very easily learned how to ask Alexa to turn on the hallway light, his bedroom light when he's going to bed!! NO MORE STUMBLING AROUND IN THE DARK or trying to remember where he put his flashlight!!Since the Echo Dots all sync together, once he gets to his bedroom, he tells Alexa to turn off the living room light & the hallway light when he gets to his bedroom!!
This little device is a SAVING GRACE, not only for my Dad, but for me!! I don't have him calling me to "Show me again how to turn the lights on/off" with his phone app!!It's like having someone else here that helps me take care of my Dad!!I made a list of the commands for the lights, etc & hung one on his night stand & put the other beside his chair in the living room!!He's also exploring, BY HIMSELF, different commands for Alexa. I've heard him ask her about the weather, baseball scores, etc. THIS LITTLE ITEM IS A TRUE GEM FOR SENIORS!! I love mine just as much & the quality of the sound thru the Echo is AMAZING for listening to music.
I'm VERY PICKY about sound quality!! I have Bose speakers hooked up to my TV & have Bose ear buds as well.
The quality of the sound from the Echo is just as good as Bose speakers!!
991 people found this helpful
March 1, 2018Color: Charcoal FabricConfiguration: EchoVerified PurchaseLet me preface this review by revealing a few facts about myself. I am male, aged 75 years old, and more tech savvy than most people my age, but if you can use a modern computer, and own one, you should have not problem using this device. IT IS SO FAR, MIRACULOUS, and intriguing! I bought mine about a week ago, and waited till a couple days ago to jump in with "both feet" and set it up. Even though I once did computer tech support for Dell computers, It was a long time ago now, and a lot of tech has evolved since then, and i have the same fear of new things as most people my age, though admittedly higher skills. I also own an Iphone 6s plus, of which I have mixed emotions. The Iphone is made by apple, and
Apple's idea of "intuitive" and mine are very different. Microsoft is much better at designing "intuitive" into an operating system than Apple. Aniyway, You will need some type of connected WIFI device to use this product. (read that Cell Phone with it's own WIFI abilities, and Bluetooth built in) You will need to download the "Alexa App. " on that device to set up the Alexa products.From that point on, simply plug in the Echo device into a regular 110V. wall outlet, it comes with a plug in adapter. There are no batteries in this device, although some have them.
A NOTE HERE" YES, YOU CAN UNPLUG IT WITHOUT
IT LOSING ITS BRAINS AND REQUIRING REPEAT SET UP. So though not specified anywhere I read it evidently has some on board nonvolatile memory built in that will allow this. ( i
spent several research sessions attempting to find this out, and finally had to bite the bullet and just try it. ) I moved it from one room location to another and within a few seconds it greeted me and said it was operational.
NOW I AM ONLY AN OLD GUY WITH PRETTY GOOD HEARING ABILITIES YET, (NOT EXACTLY AN AUDIOPHILE ) BUT WITH DOLBY DIGITAL SOUND, THIS IS ONE NICE SOUNDING SPEAKER SYSTEM,FULLY AS GOOD AS MY 7 SPEAKER ALTECH LANSING ON MY PC. IT MAY EVEN BE BETTER.IF YOU HAVE A NORMAL EAR, YOU WILL BE AMAZED AT THE SOUND QUALITY!Now I am still learning about this product. Every new thing I try I am pleasantly surprised. I plan to get at least a smart home door lock and thermostat to use with it in the future, and several light switches.
I am no great fan of the "RING DOORBELL"
(due to frequently needed battery recharging) at this point, but I understand Amazon has purchased that company and will soon have an interface app available to use with the "Ring System" If you want to keep up with the march of technology, this device is probably your best doorway to that end, since Amazon is committed to pursuing it. Others may drop out along the way. (NEW) I made a hands free phone call to my son this moring as a test of the phone capabilities. Sound on my end was like he was in the room. The Alexa app and it's capabilities are evolving technologies. Features will be added. (Mine did an update download while playing music) Don't be disappointed. It is attractively packed, and very capable, but the "instructions" are not detailed and are sketchy. Lean about it online as I did before you purchase it. Read as many reviews as your eyes and attention span will allow, and take the plunge! An education awaits you!
3,686 people found this helpful
January 17, 2018Color: Heather Gray FabricConfiguration: EchoVerified Purchase My mother is 84 years old and she struggles talking on a cell phone, and I struggle to hear her. She kept bumping the cell phone up against her chin, and when I talked to her I hear numerous beeps when we are talking like someone was dialing out. She is having trouble holding the cell phone up to her head. I talked my mom in to getting an Amazon Echo as a gift from me. My sister helped to set it up since I am in another state. When you make a call with the Echo, it uses the phone number associated with the cell phone that is on your Amazon account. So I changed that to my mothers cell number. So when she makes a call, it shows up as her cell phone number on the Caller ID. Now all she has to do is say "Alexa call Greg", and the Echo dials me up, and anyone in her contact list. She rests comfortably in her easy chair, and she can hear everything I say through the Echo, and I can hear everything my mother says very clearly. She can also ask Alexa to dial any number, that is very helpful as well. This feature alone was well worth the price of buying an Amazon Echo. My mother is learning very quickly all the other skills Alexa is able to do, weather, music, audiobooks, trivia questions, etc. Now that I am able to talk to my mother with ease.I would have to say this is the BEST gadget I have ever bought on Amazon.Attached is a Voice Mail from my mother, and how much she LOVES the Amazon Echo
2,115 people found this helpful
Amazon Giveaway
Enter giveaways for a chance to win great prizes! If you want to see and enter all of our current giveaways visit the
page.
Amazon Sellers and Authors create new giveaways every day to promote their products. Click below to create a giveaway for your product.
This item:Echo (2nd Generation) - Smart speaker with Alexa - Charcoal Fabric
Item eligible to be a Giveaway
There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime
Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.
>
Get to Know UsMake Money with Us›Amazon Payment ProductsLet Us Help You
© 1996-2019, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates