Amazon Echo Dot (2nd Gen) - Smart Speaker with Alexa - Black: Amazon.co.uk: Kindle Store
-->
Add Alexa to any room
Always ready, connected and fast. Just ask.
Premium sound with a built-in smart home hub
Stylish, compact Echo with a screen
Premium Sound and a Vibrant 10” HD Screen
Bring Alexa to your own speaker
The world's best selling e-readers
Powerhouse tablets built for work and play
Amazon Fire TV Family
Amazon Echo Family
This product only ships to the UK and Republic of Ireland. Want to ship internationally?
Buy an Echo and get 90 days free Amazon Music Unlimited. After your purchase, you will receive an email with further information.
Currently unavailable.
We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.
Add to List
Added to
Unable to add item to List. Please try again.
Save when you buy pre-owned devices
Add to Basket
£44.99
Certified Refurbished devices work and look like new, backed with the same limited warranty. &hairsp
VIDEO
Image Unavailable
Image not available forColour:
See what Alexa can do
Amazon Echo Dot (2nd Gen) – Smart Speaker with Alexa – Black
by
|
Currently unavailable.
We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.
Amazon Echo Dot is a hands-free, voice-controlled device that uses Alexa to play music, control smart home devices, provide information, read the news, set alarms and more
Connects to speakers or headphones through Bluetooth or 3.5 mm stereo cable to play music from Amazon Music, Spotify and TuneIn. Play music simultaneously across multiple Echo devices and speakers connected via cable with multi-room music (Available for Amazon Music and TuneIn. Bluetooth not supported)
Call or message anyone hands-free who also has an Echo device or the Alexa App. Also, quickly connect to other Echo devices in your home using just your voice
Controls lights, switches, TVs, thermostats and more with compatible connected devices from WeMo, Philips Hue, Sony, Hive, Netatmo, Nest, tado° and others
Hears you from across the room with 7 microphones for far-field hands-free voice control, even in noisy environments or while playing music
Includes a built-in speaker so it can work on its own as a smart alarm clock in the bedroom, an assistant in the kitchen, or anywhere you might want a voice-controlled device
Always getting smarter - Alexa updates through the cloud automatically and is continually learning, adding new features and skills
There is a newer version of this item:
£49.99
In stock.
Amazon Echo Dot is a hands-free, voice-controlled device with a small built-in speaker—it can also connect to your speakers or headphones over Bluetooth or through a 3.5 mm audio cable to deliver stereo sound to the speakers you choose. Echo Dot connects to the Alexa Voice Service to play music, make calls, send and receive messages, provide information, news, sports scores, weather and more. Prime members can also ask Alexa to order eligible products they've ordered before and many Prime products. All you have to do is ask.
Echo Dot can hear you from across the room—even in noisy environments or while playing music. When you want to use Echo Dot, just say the wake word “Alexa” and Echo Dot responds. If you have more than one Echo or Echo Dot, Alexa responds intelligently from the device you're closest to with ESP (Echo Spatial Perception).
Sleek and compact design makes Amazon Echo Dot a convenient addition to any room in the house. With its built-in speaker, you can place Echo Dot in the bedroom and use it as a smart alarm clock that can also turn off your lights. Or use Echo Dot in the kitchen to easily set timers and more using just your voice.
With multi-room music support, you can play music across multiple Echo devices simultaneously (Available for Amazon Music and TuneIn. Bluetooth not supported).
Echo Dot can also directly connect to speakers using a 3.5 mm stereo cable, using Bluetooth or Wi-Fi for compatible wireless speakers to add voice control to your home stereo system in the living room.
about Bluetooth speakers and devices that work well with Echo Dot.
Amazon Echo Dot provides hands-free voice control for Amazon Music—just ask for your favourite artist or song, or request a specific genre or mood. You can also search for music by lyrics, when a song or album was released, or let Alexa pick the music for you. Listen to 40 million songs with Amazon Music Unlimited.
Echo Dot also provides hands-free voice control to Spotify and TuneIn.
Introducing Alexa calling and messaging—a new way to be together with family and friends. When you’re busy making dinner, just ask Alexa to place a call to anyone with a supported Echo device or the Alexa App. You can also enable a new feature called Drop In for the special cases when you want to connect with your closest friends and family or other Echo devices in your home.
With the Alexa App, conversations and contacts go where you go. When you’re away from home, use the app to make a quick call or send a message to your family’s Echo. Alexa calling and messaging is available within the United Kingdom, and at no additional cost—to get started download the Alexa App on iOS and Android smartphones.
Use Amazon Echo Dot to switch on the lamp before getting out of bed, turn up the thermostat while reading in your favourite chair, or dim the lights from the couch to watch a film—all without lifting a finger… or even raising your voice.
Echo Dot works with smart home devices such as lights, switches, TVs thermostats and more from WeMo, Samsung SmartThings, Philips Hue, Sony, Hive, Netatmo, Tado°, Tp-link, Nest and others.
about compatible smart home connected devices, including starter kits for easy setup.
Echo Dot now supports IFTTT (If This, Then That), a third-party service that allows you to create rules (or “applets”) that automate how your devices, apps and websites work with each other.
Tucked under the light ring is an array of seven microphones that use beam-forming technology and enhanced noise cancellation. With far-field voice recognition, Amazon Echo Dot can hear you ask a question from any direction—even in noisy environments or while playing music.
When you want to use Echo Dot, simply say the wake word, “Alexa”, and Echo Dot lights up and streams audio to the cloud, where the Alexa Voice Service is leveraged to recognise and respond to your request.
about voice recognition on Echo Dot.
Alexa—the brain behind Amazon Echo Dot—updates through the cloud automatically and is continually learning, adding new functionality and skills. The more you use Echo Dot, the more it adapts to your speech patterns, vocabulary and personal preferences.
Just in the last few months we’ve added Alexa calling and messaging, multi-room music,
Amazon order tracking, IFTTT, local search from Yelp, movie showtimes, Google and Outlook.com calendar support, Audible audiobooks, text-to-speech for Kindle eBooks and thousands of new skills from third-party developers.
Skills add even more capabilities such as ordering take away from Just Eat, requesting a ride from Uber, checking train times from National Rail and more. Enabling skills lets your Amazon Echo Dot do even more—simply discover and enable the skills you want to use in the Alexa App.
New skills are being added all the time. You can also see ratings and reviews to learn what other customers are saying about skills in the Alexa App. .
Amazon Echo Dot is even better with Prime. Order millions of products using only your voice - all voice orders include fast, free shipping, and Alexa can even track your delivery for you.
Prime members can also use their Echo Dot to stream over 2 million songs with Prime Music.
With the free Alexa App on Fire OS, Android, iOS and desktop browsers, you can easily set up and manage your Amazon Echo Dot.
Use the Alexa App to connect services you already use such as Amazon Music, Spotify and Google Calendar. Set up your smart home devices from WeMo, Philips Hue, Hive, Netatmo, tado° and more. See which books are available to listen to from your Audible library. View shopping and to-do lists while on the go. Control your timers and set custom tones for your alarms, and much more. The Alexa App is also where you discover and enable third-party skills.
Make calls, view your conversation history, manage contacts and get notifications when you receive a message (calling and messaging features available on iOS and Android only).
Customise your Amazon Echo Dot for any room with the optional Echo Dot Case. Available in leather or fabric and a range of colours.
Compare Echo devices
Price
£49.99
£89.99
£139.99
£119.99
£219.99
Overview
Echo Dot (3rd Gen), add Alexa to any room
Echo (2nd Gen), smart speaker with Alexa and room-filling sound
Echo Plus (2nd Gen), premium sound and built-in smart home hub with Alexa
Echo Spot (1st Gen), stylish and compact
Echo with a screen, great for bedrooms or the office
Echo Show (2nd Gen), premium audio and
an HD screen optimised for visibility across the room, great for the kitchen
Speaker size
1.6" speaker
2.5"
woofer and 0.6 tweeter
3" woofer and 0.8" tweeter
1.4" speaker
Dual 2" drivers
with a passive bass radiator
Display
2.5" screen
10.1" screen
Controls compatible smart home devices
Built-in Zigbee smart home hub
Dual-speakers powered by Dolby
Streaming music
Play video from Amazon Video and more
Line out with 3.5 mm cable or Bluetooth
Line in and line out
Bluetooth only
Audio calls between Echo devices & Alexa App
Video calling
Back to top
Technical Details
Echo Dot
Size
83.5 x 83.5 x 32 mm (3.3'' x 3.3'' x 1.3'')
Weight
163 grams
Actual size and weight may vary by configuration and manufacturing process
Wi-Fi Connectivity
SDual-band Wi-Fi supports 802.11 a/b/g/n (2.4 and 5 GHz) networks. Does not support connection to ad-hoc (or peer-to-peer) Wi-Fi networks
Bluetooth Connectivity
Advanced Audio Distribution Profile (A2DP) support for audio streaming from your mobile device to Echo Dot or from Echo Dot to your Bluetooth speaker. Audio/Video Remote Control Profile (AVRCP) for voice control of connected mobile devices. Hands-free voice control is not supported for Mac OS X devices. Bluetooth speakers requiring PIN codes are not supported
Audio
Built-in speaker for voice feedback when not connected to external speakers. 3.5 mm stereo audio output for use with external speakers (audio cable not included)
System Requirements
Amazon Echo Dot comes ready to connect to your Wi-Fi. The Alexa App is compatible with Fire OS, Android and iOS devices and also accessible via your desktop browser. Certain skills and services are subject to change, may not be available outside the United Kingdom, and may require separate subscriptions or other fees
Warranty and Service
Amazon Echo Dot is sold with a
provided by the manufacturer. If you are a consumer, the limited warranty is in addition to your consumer rights, and does not jeopardise these rights in any way. This means you may still have additional rights at law even after the limited warranty has expired (for further information on your consumer rights, . Use of Amazon Echo Dot is subject to the terms found .
Included in the Box
Amazon Echo Dot, power adaptor (9W), USB charging cable and .
Customer Questions & Answers
Sponsored products related to this itemPage 1 1Page 1 1
£26.40
Amazon Certified: Works with Alexa
£17.00
Amazon Certified: Works with Alexa
£9.99
Amazon Certified: Works with Alexa
£219.98
Amazon Certified: Works with Alexa
£120.00
Amazon Certified: Works with Alexa
£136.83
Amazon Certified: Works with Alexa
£117.89
Amazon Certified: Works with Alexa
£49.95
Amazon Certified: Works with Alexa
£39.99
Amazon Certified: Works with Alexa
£146.87
Amazon Certified: Works with Alexa
4.4 out of 5 stars
By featureEasy to use4.54.5Alexa integration4.44.4Battery life4.34.3Voice Recognition4.34.3Sound quality4.24.2
By customer groups & interests
Smart Home4.5Amazon Devices4.5Amazon Echo4.5
Electronics4.4Entertainment4.4
Is this feature helpful?YesNoThank you for your feedback.
Review this productShare your thoughts with other customers
Customer images
Read reviews that mention
Top ReviewsMost recentTop Reviews
There was a problem filtering reviews right now. Please try again later.
TOP 1000 REVIEWER
13 August 2018Colour: BlackStyle: Amazon Echo DotVerified PurchaseI bought one of these as part of Prime Day weekend. I bought one for mum, who is getting old and forgetful, and showed her what it could do. She's not good with technology these days and has limited dexterity in her hands. She loves her Echo Dot. She asks it the weather, asks 'her' to remind her to take her tablets, set timers, asks her to tell jokes and all sorts. By the end of the day she asked me if I could get her another one for upstairs. Now she has the little black one downstairs and the little white one on her bedside table. She even says goodnight to it when she goes to bed. I made use of a few smart plugs that were laying around and she now has the lamps downstairs on voice command. It's a lifesaver for her as when she goes upstairs for the night she'll often forget to turn a lamp off and end up going downstairs to turn it off, but now she just tells the little 'Lexipod' next to her bed to turn off all of the lights and wham, all sorted. Thanks for creating this device for people like my mum, Amazon. Not everyone uses a smartphone, not everyone has the manual dexterity to push buttons, not everyone wants something complicated. And that's why she has Alexa.
798 people found this helpful
26 August 2018Colour: WhiteStyle: Amazon Echo DotVerified PurchaseI was always skeptical about these and thought they were probably just a bit of novel fun and wouldn't be used after 2 weeks. I was so wrong! We got this in the Amazon prime day sale and haven't looked back since. The microphone is very good and picks up what we say even if we're in the quiet groggy haze from just waking up or the washing machine/kettle are going full pelt in the same room.We have ours in the kitchen and it's perfect for when you have your hands dirty/wet/in food prep but want to play music, skip a song, set a timer, check the time, without stopping from your current activity. The speed and ease of getting information is brilliant. Flash briefings for the news/weather are a great addition to our house.My main concern was the quality of the speaker, especially in comparison to getting the full size echo. My main purpose for buying was for listening to music and it so delivers. Quality sound and not at all tinny. Very impressive considering it's small size. I genuinely don't know why you would pay more for a full size dot when this cheaper/smaller version is such a high spec.The white version looks very sleek and the compact size of the dot is perfect. Do note that it needs to be plugged in at all times (lots of images show it standing unplugged) just so you can properly consider where you'll place it.
227 people found this helpful
27 February 2017Colour: BlackStyle: Amazon Echo DotVerified PurchaseAbsolutely love the Echo Dot.
Works straight about of the box, especially if you link it to your prime account during purchase.
So useful, so much information on command such as weather (both local and worldwide), time, alarms, calendar and appointments, access to masses of free music (or almost limitless if you subscribe to Amazon Prime music) again on command - either by song name, singer or group name, genre, or even by lyric.
Accesses hundreds of radio stations, all you have to say is i.e. "Alexa, play Radio 5 live" Lots of fun by enabling multiple other skills through the Alexa app - find out when the Space Station is above your house, get Alexa to tell you a personalised bedtime story, or access information from Wikipedia on any subject, and get the answers to millions of questions such as "why is the sky blue?" - and of course an on-demand news service.
Also easily connects to a Bluetooth speaker for better quality playback for music etc, so no need to buy the more expensive version where the speaker is inbuilt.
52 people found this helpful
21 August 2018Colour: WhiteStyle: Amazon Echo DotVerified PurchaseI already own the Echo so decided to purchase this while it was on offer. It sits on my bedside table turns the lights on and off. Gives me the daily
forecast and the news headlines.My total problem with the concept is the software lagging behind the product. Yes it's getting better but very, very slowly. It is brilliant at answering mundane questions, although, when asking about Ann Hathaway the American actress I had a lecture on William Shakespeare's wife and no amount of putting the question in a different manor would illicit a proper response to my question. I did ask the other evening "did you have a good day today" and received a yes thank you response so perhaps not all is lost.
21 people found this helpful
18 October 2018Colour: BlackStyle: Amazon Echo DotVerified PurchaseIt's probably my fault for impulse buying one of these but here's a few things you should know before purchasing an echo dot.1. You can't unplug the echo dot.It needs constant power to work as there is no power storage for this product, when unplugged it just turns off and then takes a few minutes to turn back on when plugging back in.2. You need a Amazon music unlimited subscription to get your moneys worth.You do get a 14 day free trial upon purchase and then can follow up with a 30 day free trial but after this you can't enjoy it as you have been for the past 44days without paying a monthly cost. Also I've found that Amazon music is limited with a lot of music, I've been struggling to find a few of my favourite songs even through manual search.3. Sound quality isn't the best.Unless you plan on connecting your echo to a blue tooth speaker or via audio cable I doubt you'd be impressed with the volume. also with volume on full the echo struggles to hear its wake call.Echo dot does not come with a user manual, you have to go online for help and support and things can become a little complicated.I'm impressed with what the echo can do once set up is complete but don't quiet understand why you have to enable skills, really they should just be built into the A.I system.Overall I'm still happy with my purchase, i just think there's a lot of finessing to be done to get this product right.
19 people found this helpful
29 August 2017Colour: BlackStyle: Amazon Echo DotVerified PurchaseThis is one of those gadgets that u thought you could live without until somebody you know gets one then u think I need me one of those really useful uncn get Alexa to do all sorts for u so much linkable tech can be controlled from hive heating to smart light bulbs or she can just play dab radio stations great for the non tech savvy mabe older people will find the voice activevation really useful
21 people found this helpful
Amazon Echo Dot Case
Loading, please wait
Available in six unique styles to complement any room
Choose from woven fabric or full-grain leather (each leather case is unique with natural variations in colour and texture)
Designed for a precise fit around your device
Philips Hue White Lighting
Loading, please wait
Turn on your peace of mind - control your lights from anywhere
Control your lights your way - set light schedules for easy home automation
Connect up to 50 Philips Hue lights to a single Hue bridge
PAmazon Protect Breakdown & Accidental Damage Cover (UK Customers only)
Loading, please wait
If you are a consumer, you will also have . This Protection Plan is in addition to, and does not prejudice, such rights.
Before buying this Protection Plan, you must read the .
Stereo Audio Cable
Loading, please wait
This stereo audio cable (3.5mm male-to-male) transmits audio in stereo format
For connecting your Echo or other devices to car stereo or portable speakers
Bevelled step-down design; gold-plated plugs for reliable, static-free performance
Alexa Voice Remote (not included)
Loading, please wait
Official remote for Amazon Echo and Echo Dot
Connects to Amazon Echo and Echo Dot via Bluetooth
Includes an integrated microphone for when you are too far away or when it's too noisy for Echo to hear you
Amazon Echo Dot Leather Case
Loading, please wait
Available in six unique styles to complement any room
Choose from woven fabric or full-grain leather (each leather case is unique with natural variations in colour and texture)
Designed for a precise fit around your device
Samsung SmartThings Starter Kit
Loading, please wait
SmartThings is the easy way to turn your home into a smart home
Control, automate and monitor your home from anywhere using the SmartThings app
Get immediate alerts on your smartphone if there's unexpected entry or motion in your home
Secure dangerous, valuable or off-limit areas of your home
Philips Hue White Wireless Lighting LED Starter Kit
Loading, please wait
Turn on your peace of mind - control your lights from anywhere
Control your lights your way - set light schedules for easy home automation
Control your Philips Hue lights with your voice on Amazon Echo and Amazon Echo Do
Connect up to 50 Philips Hue lights to a single Hue bridge
Price:
£19.99
£0.00
Official remote for Amazon Echo and Echo Dot
Connects to Amazon Echo and Echo Dot via Bluetooth
Includes an integrated microphone for when you are too far away or when it's too noisy for Echo to hear you
Add Alexa Voice Remote (not included) to your order
(you can remove it later)
Price:
£12.99
£0.00
Available in six unique styles to complement any room
Choose from woven fabric or full-grain leather
Designed for a precise fit around your device
Provides easy access to all ports and buttons
Add Amazon Echo Dot Case to your order
(you can remove it later)
Unlimited One-Day Delivery and more
Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.
>
There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.
Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
›
After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.
Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
›
After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.
Get to Know UsMake Money with Us›Amazon Payment MethodsLet Us Help You
© 1996-2019, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates