Buy HomePod - Apple
Cancel
Explore
Need some help?
Contact us.
Close
Need some help?
Contact us.
Close
View Gallery Item 1
View Gallery Item 2
View Gallery Item 3
View Gallery Item 4
View Gallery Item 5
Close
Previous Slide
Next Slide
The ultimate music authority.
HomePod is built to bring out the best in Apple Music. Just ask Siri and you can play pretty much any song you can imagine.1
Technically speaking.
Dimensions
6.8 inches high (172 mm)
5.6 inches wide (142 mm)
Weight
Weight: 5.5 pounds (2.5 kg)
Audio Technology
High-excursion woofer with custom amplifier
Array of seven horn-loaded tweeters, each with its own custom amplifier
Six-microphone array for far‑field Siri
Internal low-frequency calibration microphone for automatic bass correction
Direct and ambient audio beamforming
Transparent studio-level dynamic processing
Stereo pair capable
Audio Sources
Apple Music1
iTunes Music Purchases
iCloud Music Library with an Apple Music or iTunes Match subscription
Beats 1 Live Radio
Apple Podcasts
AirPlay other content to HomePod from iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Apple TV, and Mac
Wireless
802.11ac Wi‑Fi with MIMO
Direct guest access2
Bluetooth 5.0
Multiroom speaker support with AirPlay 23
Languages
English (Australia, Canada, UK, U.S.), Mandarin (China mainland), Cantonese (China mainland, Hong Kong), French (Canada, France), German, Spanish (Mexico, Spain, U.S.)
Answers from the Community
Asked by Vladimir H from yerevan
on Apr 30, 2019
Answer
yes you can use the Home pod with Apple TV to stream the sound to the home pod. But the volume is no
yes you can use the Home pod with Apple TV to stream the sound to the home pod. But the volume is not very loud. At full volume it's the ok. However the sound quality is very good. I wish there was a way to make it louder...
More(Read full answer)
Answered by Michael S from Bacchus Marsh
on May 4, 2019
Asked by Maddison B from Benllech
on May 4, 2019
Asked by Naif A from Riyadh
on Apr 30, 2019
Asked by edward C from liverpool
on Apr 5, 2019
Answer
Yes - via air play on one of your Mac devices
Answered by Dean G from Brenchley
on May 1, 2019
Asked by Daniel N from Leek
on Apr 8, 2019
Asked by Paul B from Woodbury
on Apr 5, 2019
Answer
Yes, it can, but you must complete “iTunes Match” first, so that your music is available in the clou
Yes, it can, but you must complete “iTunes Match” first, so that your music is available in the cloud.
Once you have done that, and the HomePod(s) are linked to the same Apple account as the iTunes Match, Siri can access your entire library and you can ask Siri to play certain songs, certain albums, to shuffle all songs, or songs of a specific genre, or a specific artist as well as any of your playlists. It’s really great!
More(Read full answer)
Answered by Kenneth E from Gloucester
on Apr 6, 2019
Siri works with Apple Music. Subscription required for Apple Music.
Peer-to-peer AirPlay requires a Mac (2012 or later) with OS X Yosemite or later, or an iOS device (late 2012 or later) with iOS 8 or later.
Requires multiple HomePod devices or AirPlay 2–compatible speakers.
†† We approximate your location from your Internet IP address by matching it to a geographic region or from the location entered during your previous visit to Apple.
Buy HomePod
Shop and Learn
Apple Store
For Education
For Business
Government
For Healthcare
Apple Values
Account
About Apple
More ways to shop: Visit an , call 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE, or .
Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc.
All rights reserved.
Close
Close