Google Home Mini - Smart Speaker for Any Room - Google Store Need help deciding?
Cancel
Guest
An error occurred while canceling your shipment. Please try again later.An error occurred while processing your purchase. Please try again later.An error occurred while canceling your repair. Please try again later.Your promo code has been applied to your order and can be seen at checkout.Could not load the specified resource.Devices on Google Play moved to the new Google Store!Devices you add to your cart must have the same Preferred Care plan. Add or remove Preferred Care for this device to match what’s already in your cart, or buy this device in a separate order.We can't ship this with other items in your cart. Try purchasing it separately.Unfortunately, we couldn't add that to your cart. There are limits on how many you can buy.Unfortunately, we allow only one Trade In per order. Please remove Trade In to add Pixel to your cart.Your order is still being processed. Check your
before placing another order.You are now on Google Store United States. Your cart has been cleared.Your shipping address couldn’t be changedWe didn't recognize your address. Please make sure it is spelled correctlyPage is expired. Please refresh the pageFailed to email shipping label, Please try again later.Shipping label email has been sent.Something went wrong. Please try againThere was a problem completing your repair order. Please submit your order again. Don’t refresh the page.Dismiss
Google Home MiniOverviewLearnApps & PartnersWorks WithTech SpecsSetup$49Free Shipping†BuyGoogle Home MiniOverviewLearnApps & PartnersWorks WithTech SpecsSetup$49Free Shipping†Buy
Small and mighty.
Say hello to Google Home Mini.
Small and mighty.
Say hello to Google Home Mini.
Hands-free help around the house.Google Home Mini is a smart speaker with the Google Assistant built in. So whenever you need help, it's by your side¹
Try for yourself,"Hey, Google..."
Your microphone is off.
Sorry, your microphone is blocked.
Also try saying
Click to allow access
Click and speak
Tap and speak
Or choose a command below:
“How many calories in an apple?”
“What is 8 ounces to cups?”
“Tell me a fun fact”
“Dim the lights”
“What’s the capital of Alaska?”
“Can you rap?”
“Tell me a joke”
“How far away is the moon?”
This is a demonstration experience that differs from a real-life Google Home Mini.
Students can save 10% on Google Home Mini.
Use your Google Store discount code at checkout to enjoy 10% off your Google Home Mini.
Hey Google, how do you say "this tastes delicious" in Korean?
이거 맛있다
Hey Google, what is the speed of light?
The speed of light is 299,792,458 meters per second
Hey Google, what's the weather today?
It’s 72 degrees and sunny today
Hey Google, remind me to pick up the cake at 5 PM on Friday
Reminder is set for 5 PM Friday
Hey Google, can dogs eat peanut butter?
Hey Google, what is traffic like on my way to work?
Hey Google, what are the closest dry cleaners?
Get answers from Google.
Want the latest weather, traffic, finance, sports and more? Simply ask.
Tackle your day.
Get personalized help with your schedule, reminders, calls, news and more, whenever Mini recognizes your voice.2
Hey Google, when is my first meeting today?
Hey Google, call the nearest bakery
Hey Google, what is the latest news from NPR?
Entertainment, hands-free.Use your voice to play music on Google Home Mini, listen to audiobooks, or stream shows, movies and more to your TV with Chromecast.²
Hey Google, play Discover Weekly playlist on Spotify
All right, playing your Spotify playlist called Discover Weekly
Hey Google, show me pictures of Stella in Korea on my TV
Showing photos of Stella
Hey Google, play Stranger Things on Netflix on my TV
Playing Stranger Things on Netflix
Hey Google, play yoga videos on my TV
Playing yoga videos on your TV
Hey Google, turn the heat down
Hey Google, set the thermostat to 72 degrees
Hey Google, brighten the lights
Hey Google, turn on the bedroom fan
Hey Google, turn on all lights
Hey Google, ask August if my door is locked
Hey Google, party time
Hey Google, dim the kitchen lights
Hey Google, are the lights on?
Hey Google, turn off the coffee maker
Hey Google, ask Frigidaire to turn the air conditioner on
Hey Google, turn the heat down
Hey Google, set the thermostat to 72 degrees
Hey Google, brighten the lights
Hey Google, turn on the bedroom fan
Hey Google, turn on all lights
Hey Google, ask August if my door is locked
Hey Google, party time
Hey Google, dim the kitchen lights
Hey Google, are the lights on?
Hey Google, turn off the coffee maker
Hey Google, ask Frigidaire to turn the air conditioner on
Control your smart home with your voice.
Google Home Mini works with more than 5,000 smart home devices from more than 150 brands.2
Built for family fun.
Enjoy a whole new set of activities designed from the ground up, just for families.
“Google’s new $50 speaker is a smarter alternative to the Amazon Echo Dot with better sound.”
“It’s fun to set up. It’s fun to use. It’s even fun figuring out what the device can do...”
Made to blend in. Or stand out.
Help comes in different sizes.
Google Home Max
Built for sound, inside and out.
Google Home
Big help, hands-free.
Free shipping on orders over $35.
Available at local retailers
[[item.subtext]]
Show less
See all retailers
[[item.subtext]]
You may also be into
Keep me updated about devices, news, tips and offers from Google Store.Need help deciding? Call us at (833) 219-0011
Subscribed
Log in & Sign Up
or enter email address
Email address contains error(s).
Google Home Miniand sustainability.
¹Google Home Mini requires a Wi-Fi network, a nearby electrical outlet, and a compatible mobile device.²Google Home Mini requires a Wi-Fi network, a nearby electrical outlet and a compatible mobile device. Controlling certain devices and features in your home requires a compatible smart device. For example, the query "Play 'Stranger Things' on my TV" requires a Chromecast, and controlling devices like lights and thermostats requires compatible smart lights and smart thermostats linked to Google Home Mini smart speaker. Controlling devices such as coffee makers, baby monitors and fans in your home requires compatible smart plugs and/or switches. The calling feature allows outgoing calls to most phone numbers in the United States and Canada, but does not support calls to 911 or premium rate numbers. Subscription(s) may be required, and additional terms, conditions and/or charges may apply.† To qualify for free shipping at the lowest cost, your order total must be at least $35 before estimated taxes and after any discounts are applied. Separate, multiple orders cannot be combined to total $35 or more to receive free shipping.