Triby Smart Speaker with HomeKit - Invoxia
Select your country
International
OK
Triby
Bluetooth Airplay Speaker
Smart Portable Speaker with Homekit
€ 199.00
€ 149.00
Now Triby comes with HomeKit.
Listen to your music & web radio, make calls, and control your smart home devices with the touch of a button.
Compact
Triby is a surprisingly powerful speaker. Two built in speakers and a passive radiator are managed by 3D algorithms that create immersive soundscapes with profound bass and clear treble. You can enjoy your music, anywhere in the house and outdoor.
Portable
Just move it from your bedroom to your bathroom, to your garden, and get listening to your favorite music and radio stations. Enjoy up to 12 hours of music streaming on Wi-Fi.
Smart
Control your HomeKit devices from Triby. From lighting fixtures to shades and lamps, Triby allows you to remotely control any HomeKit device and trigger your Homekit Scenes with the touch of a button.
The use of Apple HomeKit automation features such as the use of triby buttons requires a HomeKit home hub set up in the house. .
E ink display
High contrast for high legibility, Triby's display features extremely low energy consumption.
Silicon Bumper
100% Silicon Shockproof case, Triby is ready for the everyday life.
Long battery life
Up to 3 weeks in normal use without charging, 12hrs of streaming music.
Stream directly over Wi-Fi from Spotify or thousands of internet radio stations. You can also connect via AirPlay or Bluetooth to your music – including iTunes. When on the go, streaming music is just as easy using your phone’s hotspot.
Triby
Smart Portable Speaker with Homekit and Alexa
Speaker with profound bass, clear treble, and 3D sound processing (patented)
Provides up to 12 hours of continuous playback
5 preset keys to trigger up to 15 Homekit Scenes, start Spotify Playlist, play Internet Radio Stations, and so more. Homekit-enabled temperature and humidity sensors
Features voice control with Alexa to play music, provide information, news, weather and more - all you have to do is ask
Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity. Also supports Spotify Connect and AirPlay (iOS)
Call anyone hands-free, or make calls to the Triby app. Instantly connect to other Triby around your home
Triby
€ 149.00
€ 199.00
€ 149.00
Follow us
Store : International
Read our