Harman Kardon Invoke – Voice Activated Speaker with Cortana
Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.
Free 2nd Day Air on Select Items.*
| Free Returns. x
MENU
Wireless
Home Audio
Discover
Support
Account
United States
X
{}
Add to Cart
View details
Shop Now
Meet Invoke
Gallery
Features
Shop now
Get connected
Specs & Support
Meet Invoke
The intelligent speaker from Harman Kardon with Cortana by Microsoft. Now Microsoft's personal digital assistant joins you in your home – enhancing your favorite moments so you can focus on what's important. Invoke delivers exceptional sound, and with Cortana's intelligence you can voice control your music and smart home devices, create reminders and lists, manage schedules, get answers to questions, make and receive hands-free calls with Skype, and more.
Voice-control your favorite music and enhance every moment.
Works with: Spotify, iHeartRADIO, tunein
SONIQUE™ Far-Field Voice Recognition Technology
Proprietary 360-degree adaptive technology, featuring 7 microphones that recognizes all details of your voice commands from any direction. It uses HARMAN’s beam forming, echo cancellation, and noise reduction algorithms to ensure Cortana can hear you clearly, even in challenging environments.
Gallery
Get
things done with cortana
Create reminders and lists, manage schedules, get answers to questions and more.
Cortana works across your devices
Cortana is always with you when you need her – on your Windows 10 PC, phone, and speaker.
Make and receive hands-free calls with Skype
Stay connected with Skype calling to mobile phones, landlines and Skype-enabled device.
Control your smart home devices
With a simple voice command, Cortana can dim the lights, adjust the thermostat, and more.
Get things donewith cortana
Cortana works acrossyour devices
Make and receive hands-freecalls with Skype
Control yoursmart home devices
&starf&starf&starf&starf&starf
&starf&starf&starf&starf&starf
Get Connected
Plug inthe power
Download the free Cortana app and connect to the internet
Sign into yourMicrosoft account
Just ask for music, set reminders, make calls with Skype and more
Invoke Support
You’ll find info to help you get answers to frequently asked questions on the Invoke product support page.
Cortana Support
You’ll find all kinds of info to help you get started and answers to frequently asked questions on the Cortana support site.
Tech Specs
Dimensions (D x H)
4.2" x 9.5" (107mm x 242mm)
Weight
2.3lbs (1kg)
Drivers
Woofer: 1.75” (45mm) x 3
Dome tweeter: 0.5” (13mm) x 3
Sound
Rated power: 40W
Frequency response: 60-20kHz (-6dB)
Connectivity
Bluetooth 4.1
Wireless network: 802.11b/g/n/as (2.4GHz/5GHz)
Supported audio formats
AAC, MP3, Vorbis, FLAC, WMA, WAV
Disclaimer:
*Set up requires the Cortana app for Windows 10 PC or phone, Android or iPhone and a Microsoft Account (requires Android version 4.4 or higher, or iPhone 5 with iOS 9 or higher). Must accept Cortana Terms of Use. Works with select music subscription services (paid subscriptions may be required) and select home automation providers. Must accept Skype Terms of Use. Skype credit required for calls to mobile phones and landlines. No emergency calls with Skype. Visit
for all product features and compatible services. Wi-fi required.
Sign up for the Harman Kardon Newsletter
View our
Sign Up
Shop
Support
About Us
Contact Us
Mon - Fri
9:00 a.m 11:00 p.m (E.T)
Sat - Sun
9:00 a.m 5:00 p.m (E.T)
Our Brands
Follow Us
© 2019 Harman International Industries, Incorporated. All rights reserved.
Shop
Country
Support
About us
Contact Us
Mon - Fri
9:00 a.m 11:00 p.m (E.T)
Sat - Sun
9:00 a.m 5:00 p.m (E.T)
Follow us
© 2019 Harman International Industries, Incorporated. All rights reserved.
Hide
I Agree