Zolo | Mojo – ZOLO Audio
Expand navigation
Search again
Mojo
The compact voice activated speaker with powerful sound and the Google Assistant built-in. Play music, get personalized help, control smart home devices and more.
· Powerful Sound, Compact Size
· Google Assistant Built-In
· Endless Entertainment
· Home Automation
· Voice Activation
Price: $69.99
US ONLY
FREE SHIPPING
18M WARRANTY
FREE RETURN
SUPERIOR SOUND JUST GOT SMARTER
Mojo simultaneously revolutionizes AI smart assistants and hi-fidelity audio by combining the Google Assistant with exceptional sound quality. Get endless music and full access to Google services—and hear both in stunning clarity.

Play Endless Music

Multi-Room Audio

The Google Assistant
built in

Voice-Control

Wi-Fi

Bluetooth
COMPACT YET POWERFUL
Mojo packs finely tuned sound with soaring highs and rich lows into a sleek, minimalist housing. It blends effortlessly into any room then fills it with sound.
EXCEPTIONALCLARITY
A customized high excursion driver brings 5W of powerful, crystal-clear sound to every room in your home. With minimal distortion, even at high volumes, thanks to a professionally tuned overhung voice coil.
ENHANCEDBASS
Bring your music to life and fill your entire home with pulsing beats. A precision engineered bass port injects an extra dose of power into low frequencies for a deeper, more resonant sound.
MULTI-ROOM AUDIO
Sync your speakers to fill every room with the same song or personalize your home’s soundscape with a unique atmosphere behind every door.
Synchronized Playback
Independent Playback
THE GOOGLE ASSISTANT
Mojo has the Google Assistant built in. Play music, get answers and easily control smart devices around your home—simply by using your voice.
about what your Google Assistant can do.
ENDLESS MUSIC
Your Google Assistant integrates with most streaming services and Internet radio stations for instant access to practically any song imaginable.
NO HANDS REQUIRED
Mojo’s advanced microphones are designed to precisely detect your voice from anywhere in the room, while intelligent algorithms filter out background noise to ensure your exact request is heard and fulfilled.
LIFE PLANNING
Your Google Assistant instantly makes your day more organized and offers easy access to your plans at anytime. Book meetings, schedule events, set reminders, check traffic updates and much more.
Next slide

Slide 1
Slide 2
Slide 3
Previous slide

Slide 1
Slide 2
Slide 3
SMART-HOME CONTROL
The Google Assistant on your Mojo speaker seamlessly integrates with compatible smart-home systems. Illuminate, clean, and run your household with the power of your voice.
CHROMECAST COMPATIBLE
The Google Assistant on Mojo makes the remote control obsolete. It seamlessly adds voice control into your Chromecast setup for an easy way to stream video on your TV.
ONE SPEAKER, MULTIPLE USERS
Everyone in a household has different schedules and unique interests, so Mojo works with you and your home. Your Google Assistant recognises your and your family’s specific voices with VoiceMatch technology then gives a personalized response.
GOOGLE HOME APP
Use in conjunction with your ZOLO Mojo for simple setup, customization, and personalization. Automatic over-the-air software expands your device’s functionality.
>
>
>
>
WiFi Connectivity
Far-Field Voice Recognition
Bluetooth 4.2
Multi-Room
logos
logos
Product Details and Specifications
Audio
Drivers: 1.7“ Full Range with Low Distortion
Frequency Response: 60Hz~20kHZ
Connections
Wireless Multi-Room Audio: YesBluetooth: Yes Wi-Fi Built-in: YesAuxiliary Input: NoNFC Enabled : No
Power
Power Source: Plug-inBattery Backup: No
General
Additional Accessories Included: Power adapter Operating System Compatibility: Android, Apple iOSModel Number: Z6010Color: Black
Dimension
Height: 93mmDiameter: 68mmWeight: 312g
Other
Product Name: MojoBrand: ZoloStreaming Media Services Supported: Google Play Music, Pandora, Spotify, TuneIn, YouTube Music, iHeartRadioStreaming Media Player(s) Supported: ChromecastSearch Engine Used: GoogleInternet of Things
(IoT) Hub: IntegratedInternet of Things (IoT) Platform (Supported): Anova, August, Belkin WeMo, D-Link, Emberlight, Geeni, Google Assistant, HomeSeer, Honeywell, Hue, IFTTT, Insignia, Iris, LG, Leviton, LightwaveRF, Logitech, Lutron, Nanoleaf,
Nest, NuBryte, Rachio, Ring, SmartThings, TP-Link, Universal Power Bus (UPB), Vivint, Wink, iHomeVoice Control App: Google Home
Warranty
Labor: 18 Month
Google, Google Play, Google Home, Google Chromecast, and other related marks and logos are trademarks of Google Inc,
The Google Assistant is not available in all countries or languages.
Availability and performance of certain features, services and applications are device and network dependent and may not be available in all areas; subscription(s) may be required and additional terms, conditions and/or changes may apply.
FAQs

Q: How do I set up Mojo?
A:
Step 1: Plug the power cable into Mojo.
Step 2: Plug the wall charger into an outlet.
Step 3: Download and run the Google Home app on a phone or tablet.
Check out more details at:

Q: What’s Mojo’s wake up word?
A: ‘Ok Google’ or ‘Hey Google’.

Q: How do I use voice control to listen to music, the radio, or play TV on Mojo?
A: Check out the details at:

Q: Which 3rd party streaming services does Mojo support?
A: With the Google Assistant built-in, Mojo supports Spotify, Pandora, Google Play Music, Tunein, iHeartRadio, Deezer, Soundcloud.

Q: How do I setup and control smart home devices using Mojo?
A: Check out the details at:

Q: How do I create a shopping list and buy items using Mojo?
A: Check out the details at:

Q: How do I hear a summary of my day using Mojo?
A:
You can hear about your day including upcoming reminders, calendar events, weather, and more by asking your Google Assistant. Check out the details here:

Q: What should I do if Mojo cannot connect to Wifi?
A:
Make sure Zolo Mojo is connected to a 2.4GHz or 5GHz Wi-Fi network.
Make sure the Wi-Fi network name and password is correct.
Check whether there are any internet connection problems. If the Wi-Fi signal is too weak, reset your Wi-Fi router and try again.
If you still cannot connect to your Wi-Fi network, restore Zolo Mojo to factory settings.

Q: How do I use Mojo’s Bluetooth function?
A: You can enjoy audio from Bluetooth-enabled devices once you sign in to your Google account. Press the Bluetooth button on Mojo to enter Bluetooth pairing mode. Enable Bluetooth on your device and select [Zolo Mojo] to start pairing and connecting.
© 2019. All rights reserved. Powered by Anker Innovations Limited.