Beam: The Smart Soundbar for Your TV | Sonos
Why Sonos
Brilliant Sound
Easy to Use
Listen Your Way
Support
Community
Product sales:
Beam
—
€449
Select colour
Add to basket
→
Beam
Beam
—
€449
High Definition Sound
Select colour
Add to basket
The smart, compact soundbar for TV, music, and more.
Play everything that matters to you with Beam. Control it with your voice*, remote, the Sonos app, and more.
Hear every word clearly
Beam was specifically tuned by Oscar-winning sound engineers to emphasise the sound of the human voice so you can always follow the story.
Turn on Speech Enhancement in the app to clarify dialogue when characters whisper or the action explodes.
Shuffling your playlist
Voice control
Amazon Alexa is built right-in so you can play music, check news, set alarms, get your questions answered, and more, completely hands free.
*Subject to regional availability
Setup is simple
Go from unboxing to listening in minutes with just two cables and automatic remote detection.
Features
Four full-range woofers ensure you’ll hear the faithful playback of mid-range vocal frequencies plus deep, rich bass.
One tweeter creates a crisp and clear dialogue.
Three passive radiators help move air around inside the compact Sonos Beam and add warm sound to the bass.
Adjustable bass and treble controls let you customise your sound by individual room or groups of rooms.
Five Class-D digital amplifiers perfectly tuned to match the speaker drivers and acoustic architecture.
Five far-field microphone array used for advanced beamforming and multi-channel echo cancellation.
When the microphone LED is on, Beam is ready for a voice command. When the light is off, the microphone is off.
Dimensions - H x W x D
2.70 x 25.625 x 3.94 in. (68.5 x 651 x 100 mm)
Weight
6.2 lbs (2.8 kg)
HDMI ARC
HDMI Cable connects to your TV’s HDMI ARC input.
Optical Audio
Optical Audio Adapter to connect to your TV.
Top-panel features
Capacitive touch controls for volume up/down, previous/next track, play/pause, microphone mute. LED indicates status, mute status and voice feedback.
Threaded mount
1/2 in. (12.7 mm) / 10-32 threaded mounting socket.
Power supply
Auto-switching 100-240 V, 50-60 Hz AC universal input.
Ethernet port
One 10/100 Mbps Ethernet port. Wire directly to your router to operate your Sonos if WiFi is unstable.
WiFi
Connects to your home Wi-Fi network with any 802.11 b/g/n router. 802.11n only network configurations are not supported—you can either change the router settings to 802.11 b/g/n or connect a Sonos product to your router.
Apple AirPlay 2 compatible
Works with Apple AirPlay 2 on Apple devices [iOS 11.4 and higher]
Sonos Beam, power cord, HDMI cable, Optical Audio Adapter, Sonos Beam QuickStart Guide and Legal/Warranty information.
AirPlay 2
Voice Control Built-in
Mute for Privacy
TV Remote Sync
Capacitive Touch Controls
Automatic Software Updates
WiFi
Delivery
Easy returns
Not exactly what you wanted? Return it within 100 days. We'll cover delivery costs.
Free delivery
Enjoy free 2-day delivery.
Professional installation
to customise your architectural Sonos system.
FAQ
How does Sonos Beam work with Amazon Alexa?
Sonos Beam supports voice commands with Amazon Alexa. These include commands to start music and content with Spotify, TuneIn and Audible; commands to control other services started with the Sonos app, plus requests for popular Alexa features like “What’s my Flash Briefing?” or “What’s the weather?” or “Play Song Quiz”.
How does Sonos Beam differ from Playbar and Playbase?
Sonos Beam is a more compact speaker and can fit almost anywhere. Playbar and Playbase have more speakers, so they produce louder sound with more width and bass. Beam is perfect for small to mid-sized rooms, whereas Playbar and Playbase are capable of filling large spaces.
Beam features HDMI connectivity and has Alexa voice control built-inwhile Playbar and Playbase rely on Optical and work with other Alexa-enabled devices.
Can I control my TV with Sonos Beam and Amazon Alexa?
For compatible TVs, Sonos Beam introduces commands specific to TV use, including “Turn on the TV” and “Turn off the TV”. Sonos Beam also follows commands such as “Turn it up” and “Mute”, applying them to the TV volume. Sonos Beam must be connected to your TV’s HDMI-ARC input and your TV needs to support CEC features. Amazon Alexa voice control for your TV will not work if Sonos Beam is connected via optical adapter.
Compatible with FireTV and other video streaming devices that work with Alexa when they launch in your region.
Do Sonos Beam microphones hear me when audio is playing?
Yes. Five far-field microphones are built in to Sonos Beam to detect your voice from any direction, anywhere in the room. You can speak at natural volume to activate Alexa-supported voice commands.
Can I turn off the far-field microphones?
Yes, simply touch the microphone icon and the light will turn off/on. When the microphone light is on, Alexa is ready for a voice command. When the light is off, the microphone is off. This ensures privacy when you want it.
How will Sonos Beam connect to smart home or home automation systems?
Sonos Beam can control devices through skills in the Alexa app. In addition, Sonos has certified partnerships with smart home systems like Wink and Lutron. Based on your setup, commands to control various smart devices throughout your home will work. Possibilities include “Set temperature to 20” and “Turn Living Room lights on.”
What is HDMI-ARC?
Sonos Beam connects to your TV’s HDMI-ARC port. Most TVs have two to four HDMI ports, one of which is labelled ARC, which stands for Audio Return Channel. The HDMI-ARC port syncs audio and picture, plus automatically pairs your TV remote to Sonos Beam. If you’re unsure if your TV has an HDMI-ARC port, consult your TV specs with the manufacturer.
If your TV is older than 5 years, or otherwise doesn't have an HDMI ARC port, you can use the included optical audio adapter to connect Sonos Beam to the optical port on your TV. Please note that Amazon Alexa TV voice commands will not work when connected via optical adapter.
Does Sonos Beam support Apple AirPlay 2?
You can use Apple AirPlay 2 and stream straight to Sonos Beam from your iPad, iPhone and Mac.
Does Sonos Beam pair with other Sonos speakers for surround sound?
Yes. While Sonos Beam is a great soundbar on its own, it also wirelessly pairs with our Sub for added bass and a pair of Sonos speakers for full surround sound. A setup with left and right rears and a Sub gives you true 5.1 surround sound.
Can I wall mount Sonos Beam?
Yes. You can easily and securely mount Sonos Beam using our custom-designed wall mount. Our wall mount comes in all white or black – to complement your speaker – and is designed with 1 inch/2.5 cm of clearance from the wall to achieve the best acoustics. Sonos Beam also supports a range of certified third-party accessories that you can find on Sonos.com.
What audio codecs and formats will Sonos Beam support?
Sonos Beam plays audio from PCM stereo and Dolby Digital sources.
What audio content can I play on Sonos Beam?
Sonos Beam plays back all of your TV audio, once setup with the Sonos app is complete. You can stream audio from TV, movies, video on demand, music, radio, video games, audiobooks and podcasts.
What if my TV supports a codec that isn’t one of the supported by Sonos Beam?
When Sonos Beam is connected to HDMI-ARC on your TV, the TV and Sonos Beam automatically pick the best format that both systems can support. If you are using the Optical Audio Adapter, Sonos Beam will support PCM stereo and Dolby Digital.
Why does Sonos Beam have Bluetooth Low Energy?
Sonos Beam uses Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) to temporarily communicate with your phone/tablet during the setup process. BLE does not support audio streaming. Once setup is done, Sonos Beam streams and updates via your own WiFi.
Reviews
Product manual
Take a comprehensive look at the setup, function, and maintenance of Beam. The product manual details all of its specifications and how to care for your Sonos soundbar.
Better together
Why Choose Sonos
Brilliant Sound
Enjoy clear, richly-detailed sound that fills the room at any volume.
Easy to Use
Setup takes minutes, and control is simple with the Sonos app, Apple AirPlay 2, and your voice.
Listen Your Way
Customise your system and play what you want, where you want.
Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.
Get updates, exclusive offers, and more
By subscribing here, you agree to receive emails and promotional offers from Sonos.
Sign up
Thank you!
Sorry, we were unable to create that user account.
© 2019 Sonos Inc.
&horbar
&horbar
&horbar
&horbar
&horbar