Continuous Indoor Air Quality Monitoring | Airthinx
Toggle navigation
air quality data = cost savings
The US EPA identified indoor pollutants as carcinogens that trigger asthma, allergies and respiratory diseases. To meet the growing demand for a user friendly Indoor Air Quality (IAQ) data monitoring & management platform, airthinx delivers the first of its kind professional solution, financially feasible at room level, in any infrastructure. In comparison to static monitoring, continuous monitoring enhances high temporal-spatial resolution and variability of air pollution. Powered by a leading IoT platform, airthinx, ensures scalability, reliability and security of the data and allows access to data anytime, anywhere.
why airthinx data?
Airthinx is an award-winning air quality data monitoring & management solution designed to improve occupant health and create safe & energy-efficient indoor spaces, everywhere in the world. Putting its Artificial Intelligence engine to work on optimizing the health of indoor spaces and utilizing cutting edge sensor technology, airthinx delivers continuous and accurate measurements, analyzes the data it is sensing, classifies events such as smoking and fires, provides useful information towards predicting maintenance (like developing mold), and equips users with real-time data to find new treatments for poor indoor air quality.
Sensors
Network
Scalability
AI
Platform
Utilizing the best sensor technologies available on the market combined with digital signal processing ensures continuous and accurate measurements at all time.
Designed with the internet of things in its core, the airthinx is an independent & self-sufficient connected system that utilizes 3G/4G, WiFi, bluetooth, & mesh to connect the device to the cloud, without the need for a local network… and it works directly out of the box in a plug & play fashion.
The scalable solution enables deployment directly out of the box, from the dozens to the thousands,
offering a reliable and continuous reporting of air quality parameters, designed with the highest security standards to ensure integrity of the sensor readings and network security.
Using Artificial Intelligence & deep learning, the data analytics engine can identify and classify events such as fire, smoking and mold detection.
Airthinx is developed on a sophisticated internet of things platform by Netronix, inc. that enables not only a scalable, secure and reliable deployment of devices anywhere in the world, but also allows interoperability with 3rd party devices. And not only that...open APIs allow the solution to be integrated with bigger solutions or developers can create new applications.
why is it different?
an award winning solution
Accuracy. Airthinx is the only device on the market that measures 9 air quality parameters with the accuracy & precision similar to industry reference instruments.
Connectivity.
Airthinx is the only device on the market that offers true mobility. With a built-in 3G/4G cell modem, it’s not dependent on WiFi access for connectivity.
Developer Tools.
Airthinx is designed with integration and interoperability in mind. Its developer tools enable data management and device management in addition to direct integration to systems such as SAP and Nest.
Professional Device.
Airthinx is developed with the professional in mind. With a plethora of tools, it is the most comprehensive solution for indoor air quality monitoring.
Conventional Devices: High accuracy with limited connectivity, tools, & scalability.
Gadgets: Low accuracy and limited tools & scalability.
how does it work?
Airthinx IAQ utilizes smart sensor technology to continuously capture data processed locally and then pushed to the cloud via a secure & reliable connection.
The cloud is the mastermind of the whole operation. The hub enables monitoring of all the devices on the field and manages all the connections to applications and 3rd party solutions such as, SAP, Nest and more.
Providing tools for access to data for professionals and everyone else via the web or app.
...and it works with others too!
all your data in one place
In a professional setting different systems have to operate within the same platform. Airthinx, is developed on , the most recognized platform in the environmental monitoring space. As a result, in
you can easily view data not only from Airthinx IAQ but also from other prominent professional instruments such as, TSI, Thermo Scientific, Quest and other.
Airthinx IAQ
Cloud
Thiamis 1000
DustTrak
Partisol
Gill Weather Station
Dataram
PDR-1500
QuestTemp
Soundpro
developers & API