KERUI W18 WIFI GSM SMS APP Control Alarm System,720P WIFI Outdoor IP Camera,wholesale cheap discount price.
KERUI W18 WIFI GSM SMS APP Control Alarm System,720P WIFI Outdoor IP Camera;
This alarm system is a high-end GSM alarm with stable and reliable performance and applies 1.7-inch TFT color screen and touch keyboard with built-in powerful CPU master and excellent operation experience. Automatic voice prompt or SMS message notify the location and events upon alarm. Compatible with wireless PIR sensor, door sensor, smoke detector, gas detector, panic button etc. It has been widely used in home, factory, school, shop, villa and residential area to provide protection for valuable assets.;
Arm/Disarm by different method : Remote Control, on Main Panel, Dialing to the system or sending SMS to the system, App operate in smartphone;
Easy to add additional accessories : Easy to add compatible wireless detectors (wireless learning code);
Alarm record inquiry for 30 records;
Different arm mode : Away Arm, Home Arm, Delay Arm, Emergency Arm;
Priority arm calling: Even the line is busy, system will dial out proirity when alarming.
Build-in rechargeable battery (automatically recharge). For short term backup only.
App operate in Smartphone : Free Apps available for download in iPhone or Andriod phone. Simple using App to send SMS for making Away Arm, Disarm, Get record.
We hope our excellent products,warm-hearted service can obtain your favors! Wholeheartedly welcome your support and cooperation!.
>>
>>KERUI W18 WIFI GSM SMS APP Control Alarm System,720P WIFI Outdoor IP Camera
KERUI W18 WIFI GSM SMS APP Control Alarm System,720P WIFI Outdoor IP Camera
KERUI W18 WIFI GSM SMS APP Control Alarm System,720P WIFI Outdoor IP Camera
Special price:
[ $225.00 ]
Kerui W18 Wireless GSM Home Security Burglar Alarm System
1.)TFT color display, humanized menu, operation with voice prompt, easy to use .
2.)There are 99 zones and 8 zone types optional in each zone; ON/OFF siren in each zone is available.
3.)10s automatic message recording with built-in artificial voice, so that user can know the alarm place and zone when receive the alarm call remotely.
if you want to know wholesale discount price,please contact us by e-mail.
Note:
If your shipment is delivered to a remote area,this charge will be added to your shipping cost.Checking your area is a remote area or is not a remote area on the website:http://remoteareas.dhl.com/jsp/first.jsp
Kerui W18 Wireless GSM Home Security Burglar Alarm System Outdoor Siren
Specifications:
Package included :
W18 WIFI/GSM Main unit * 1 ( original box)
Wireless PIR motion detector * 4
Wireless door sensor * 18
Wireless remote controller * 2
Wireless indoor siren*1
720P WiFi Outdoor IP Camera * 2
English user manual * 1 (Just with English manual)
AC power adapter * 1(US/AU/UK/EU standard plug)
System Introduction
This alarm system is a high-end GSM and WIFI dual-net alarm with stable and reliable performance and applies 1.7-inch TFT color screen and touch keyboard with built-in powerful CPU master and excellent operation experience. Automatic voice prompt or SMS message notify the location and events upon alarm. Compatible with wireless PIR sensor, door sensor, smoke detector, gas detector, panic button etc. After receiving an alarm, host will display the alarm zone and alarm siren 80dB on site, 110dB alarm when connect with wired siren, while text to and dialing the number preset to inform user via WIFI. It has been widely used in home, factory, school, shop, villa and residential area to provide protection for valuable assets.
Main Function And Feature:
TFT color display, humanized menu, operation with voice prompt, easy to use
There are 99 zones and 8 zone types optional in each zone; ON/OFF siren in each zone is available.
4 sets scheduled arm/disarm/stay arm function by zone/day/time.
6 groups alarm phone No., automatically dial preset phone number when power failure.
10s automatic message recording with built-in artificial voice, so that user can know the alarm place and zone when receive the alarm call remotely.
Arm/Disarm, Monitor, Speaker, Siren ON/OFF, Smart socket ON/OFF remotely.
Wireless study 1527 series accessories, and as much as 99 detectors and remote controls.
Telephone/SMS message long-distance control for arming, disarming, monitoring, remote announcement.
APP control host set and administration, and supports IOS/Android.
Host will call other phones directly as a common phone
One-way alarm linkage wireless relay and one-way wireless strobe siren
Integrate high precision clock chip so that time never lost even power failure.
Display the latest 72 arm/disarm and 102 alarm records
2 groups of CID number. Compatible with international alarm networking protocol Contact ID
Low-voltage indication and anti-tamper
Built-in rechargeable high capacity Li-Ion battery and supply power automatically when power supply failure
Caller ID display, power-off reminder.
Host applies four frequency GSM/GPRS module
Choose Your Perfect Alarm System And Make Best Use Of It
Knowing whether you need a wireless system or a wired one. Normally wireless system is recommended for its easy installation and operation.
Knowing a complete alarm system not only includes common burglar alarm, but also fire alarm (smoke alarm), panic alarm and environmental alarm.
Count the number of doors and windows of your house which a burglar may access. Your alarm system should cover all the entrances.
If you are a pet owner, we recommend pet friendly PIR motion sensor to avoid any false alarm triggered by pets.
Decide if you need Smoke sensor, Gas sensor, Wireless Flash Siren or other accessories to refine your alarm system.
If you have problem with installation after reading user manual, it is better to contact seller for help.
In case of a false alarm, always take the very first step to check if there is any faulty installation, loose door/window sensors, low batteries or other issues.
Whether you are leaving your house for few minutes, staying at home during the day or having holiday on the other side of the world, your alarm system should be armed and ready to alert you at all times.
Knowing the quality and service guarantee from branded alarm system compared with non-branded one.
Kerui W18 GSM Alarm Control Panel
Input Voltage
USB5V
Standby Current
<60mA
Alarming Current
<300mA
Standby
Around 36 hours, Full charging time: 8hours.
4-Band GSM
850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz
Work Frequency
433MHz
WiFi Frequency
2.4G
GSM transmit power
2W
Built-in backup battery
3.7V 800mA Lithium Battery (Rechargeable)
Alarm Loudness
80dB
Wireless distance
50 Leters(in open area)
Wireless Door/Window Sensor
Power Supply
DC 12V / 23A Battery
Static Current
¡Ü20 mA
Transmission Current
¡Ü15mA
Transmission Frequency
433MHZ ¡À 0.5MHZ
Transmission Distance
About 30m with one barrier
Internal Distance
15 mm
Working Condition
Temperature -10 degree ~ + 40 degree
Humidity
¡Ü 90% rh
Battery Life Time
About 8 months
Wireless P.I.R Motion Detector
Power Supply
3x AAA batteries
Transmission Current
¡Ü20mA
Static Current
¡Ü10mA.
Wireless Frequency
433MHZ ¡À 0.5MHZ
Transmission Distance
About 30m with one barrier
Detective Speed
0.3 - 3m/s
Detective Distance
8m
Detective Range
Horizontal 110¡ã, Vertical 60¡ã
Working Condition
Temperature -10 degree ~ + 40 degree
Humidity
¡Ü 90% rh
Battery Life Time
About 8 months
RC-531 Remote Control (Keyfob)
Static Current
0
Emission Current
¡Ü15mA
Transmission Frequency
433MHZ ¡À 0.5MHZ
Emission Speed
T¡Ü1 second
Emission Distance
About 30 meters
Working Condition
Temperature -10 degree to + 40 degree
Humidity
¡Ü 90% rh
Battery Life Time
About 6 months
ï»¿
PRODUCT CATOGORY
Contact Us
Email:
Payment
|||
| |
| |
Inquires Products,discount price please email:
MSN:
Copyright©2011-2018 Kerui Secutiry High Technology Co.,LTD, all rights reserved.