Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Light Bulb, Multicolor | Kasa Smart
Add Color to Your Life
Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Light Bulb, Multicolor
|  KL130
Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Light Bulb, Multicolor
Add Color to Your Life | KL130
From a house party with friends to a romantic dinner for two, create the right atmosphere with Kasa Smart's LED multicolor light bulb.
Features
Multicolor
Experience endless lighting possibilities with the multicolor light bulb. Choose from a wide array of colors, even dim to any brightness you desire for the perfect atmosphere.
Grouping
Combine your light bulb with other Kasa Smart devices with the Grouping feature and control them all with one single tap of your smartphone .
Control From Anywhere
Control your smart light bulb from anywhere conveniently on your smartphone using the free Kasa Smart app (iOS, Android).
Voice Control
Use simple voice commands to change the color and brightness of your light bulb with any Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant or Microsoft Cortana.
No Hub Required
Connect your Kasa Smart light bulb to your home’s secure Wi-Fi network. No need for a hub or extra equipment.
Auto White
Automatically adjust the color temperature of your Kasa Smart light bulb to match natural light patterns from dawn to dusk.
Title 20
Kasa Smart’s multicolor light bulb is certified to drive down energy consumption without losing quality.
Multicolor
With a wide range of colors and dimming capabilities, Kasa Smart’s multicolor light bulb offers endless lighting possibilities. You can choose a light for everything from a dinner party to a late-night study session.
Control from Anywhere
Control your Kasa Smart lighting from anywhere with the highly-rated Kasa Smart app (available for iOS, Android). Make sure you turned your bedroom lights off from the office or turn your living room lights on before you get home.
Your Voice Has Power
Use simple voice commands to control your Kasa Smart multicolor light bulb with any Alexa, Google Assistant or Microsoft Cortana device. Tell your voice assistant to set the scene for a party, turn lighting on and off without leaving the couch, even change colors in your dining room as guests arrive at the door.
A Single Tap Is All It Takes
Use the Grouping feature on the Kasa Smart app to combine your devices together for unified control with one single tap on your smartphone. Combine your living room bulbs, plugs and light switches together for an easier way to turn them on when you get home.
Technical Specifications +
Communication
Wi-fi Protocol
IEEE 802.11b/g/n
Wi-fi Frequency
2.4GHz
Kasa App System Requirement
iOS 10 or Android 4.4 or higher
Wi-fi Requirements
Secured home Wi-Fi connection required
General
Certification
FCC, UL, DoE, California Energy Commission (CEC) Title 20 Compliant
Operating Temperature
-15 ºC~ 40 ºC (5°F ~ 104°F )
Operating Humidity
10%~90%RH, Non-condensing
Lamp Base
E26
Weight
0.306 lb (0.139kg)
Product Dimensions
2.36 x 4.65 in (60 x 118 mm)
Packaging Dimensions
3.46 x 2.83 x 5.91 in (88 x 72 x 150 mm)
Warranty Description
3-year limited warranty (US only)
Working Status
Tunable
Yes (via app and cloud only)
Typical Lumen Output
800lm
Input Power (actual Power Draw In Watts)
10.5W
Color Temperature
2500K-9000K (adjustable via app and cloud)
Rated Input Voltage
120V~, 50/60Hz
Beam Angle
230 Degrees Typical
Dimmable
Yes (via app and cloud only)
Color Changing
Yes (via app and cloud only)
Cri
90
What's Included
(1) Kasa Smart Light Bulb
(1) Quick Start Guide
COMPANY
LEGAL
JOIN THE KASA SMART COMMUNITY
This email is invalid
FOLLOW US
United States
Copyright © 2019 KasaSmart.com. All rights reserved.