Google Home - Smart Speaker & Home Assistant - Google Store Need help deciding?
Google HomeOverviewLearnApps & PartnersWorks WithTech SpecsSetup$99Free Shipping†BuyGoogle HomeOverviewLearnApps & PartnersWorks WithTech SpecsSetup$99Free Shipping†Buy
Help is here.
Meet Google Home.
Hands-free help from the Google Assistant.Get answers, play songs, tackle your day, enjoy your entertainment and control your smart home with just your voice.¹
Students can save 10% on Google Home.
Use your Google Store discount code at checkout to enjoy 10% off your Google Home.
Hey Google, how do you say "see you later" in German?
Bis später
Hey Google, what time does the grocery store close?
Sam's Market closes at 8 PM today
Hey Google, what is a good substitute for cardamom?
Mix together equal parts cinnamon and nutmeg, and use in place of the cardamom called for in your recipe
Hey Google, play my Rise and Shine playlist
All right, your playlist called Rise and Shine. Playing on Google Play Music.
Say it to play it.
Listen to music, playlists, audiobooks and more, getting rich sound from Google Home’s high excursion speaker.2
Tackle your day.
Get personalized help with your schedule, reminders, calls,3 news and more, whenever Google Home recognizes your voice.4
Hey Google, when’s my first event tomorrow?
Hey Google, call the party supply store
Hey Google, add mozzarella to my shopping list
Entertainment, hands-free.
Google Home works with Chromecast, so you can stream shows, movies and music on your TV or speakers.1
Hey Google, play The Crown on Netflix on my TV
Playing The Crown on Netflix
Hey Google, play pop music videos on my TV
Sure, playing pop music videos on TV
Hey Google, turn the heat down
Hey Google, set the thermostat to 72 degrees
Hey Google, brighten the lights
Hey Google, turn on the bedroom fan
Hey Google, turn on all lights
Hey Google, ask August if my door is locked
Hey Google, party time
Hey Google, dim the kitchen lights
Hey Google, are the lights on?
Hey Google, turn off the coffee maker
Hey Google, ask Frigidaire to turn the air conditioner on
Hey Google, turn the heat down
Hey Google, set the thermostat to 72 degrees
Hey Google, brighten the lights
Hey Google, turn on the bedroom fan
Hey Google, turn on all lights
Hey Google, ask August if my door is locked
Hey Google, party time
Hey Google, dim the kitchen lights
Hey Google, are the lights on?
Hey Google, turn off the coffee maker
Hey Google, ask Frigidaire to turn the air conditioner on
Control your smart home with your voice.
Google Home works with more than 5,000 smart home devices from more than 150 brands.1
Built for family fun.
Enjoy a whole new set of activities designed from the ground up, just for families.
At home in any room.
Help comes in different sizes.
Google Home Mini
Small and mighty.
Google Home Max
Built for sound, inside and out.
Google Home Mini
Google Home Max
Free shipping on orders over $35.
Available at local retailers
[[item.subtext]]
Show less
See all retailers
[[item.subtext]]
Keep me updated about devices, news, tips and offers from Google Store.Need help deciding? Call us at (833) 219-0011
Subscribed
Log in & Sign Up
or enter email address
Email address contains error(s).
Google Homeand sustainability.
¹Requires Internet connection. Controlling certain devices and features in your home requires a compatible smart device. For example, the query "Play 'The Crown' on my TV" requires a Chromecast-connected TV, and controlling devices like lights and thermostats requires compatible smart lights and smart thermostats linked to Google Home. Controlling devices such as coffee makers, baby monitors and fans in your home requires compatible smart plugs and/or switches.²Subscriptions may be required to access certain content. Additional terms, conditions and/or charges may apply.³The calling feature allows outgoing calls to most phone numbers in the United States and Canada, but does not support calls to 911 or premium rate numbers.⁴Up to six people can link their accounts to Google Home for personalized responses.† To qualify for free shipping at the lowest cost, your order total must be at least $35 before estimated taxes and after any discounts are applied. Separate, multiple orders cannot be combined to total $35 or more to receive free shipping.