One: The Smart Speaker for Music Lovers | Sonos
Why Sonos
Brilliant Sound
Easy to Use
Listen Your Way
Support
Community
Product sales:
One
Select colour
Add to basket
One
Smart Sound
Select colour
Add to basket
The powerful smart speaker with voice control built-in.
Get rich, room-filling sound with Sonos One, and control it with your voice*, the Sonos app, Apple AirPlay 2, and more.
Brilliant sound
for every
room
kitchen
bathroom
bedroom
living room
room
Bedroom
Bathroom
Kitchen
Living Room
The compact design fits just about any space. Put it on your kitchen countertop or tuck it away on your office bookshelf.
Shuffling your playlist
Voice control
Amazon Alexa is built right-in so you can play music, check news, set alarms, get your questions answered, and more, completely hands free.
*Subject to regional availability
Stereo sound with two
Pair two Sonos Ones together in the same room for stereo separation and more detailed sound. Use a pair as rear home cinema surrounds with Playbar, Playbase, or Beam.
Features
Two Class-D digital amplifiers perfectly tuned to match the speaker drivers and acoustic architecture.
Responsive audio chime lets you know Sonos One has heard you and is working on a response.
Far-field microphone array, used for smart voice capture and noise cancellation.
One tweeter creates a crisp and clear high-frequency response.
One mid-woofer ensures you’ll hear the faithful playback of mid-range vocal frequencies plus deep, rich bass.
Dimensions - H x W x D
6.36 x 4.69 x 4.69 in. (161.45 x 119.7 x 119.7 mm).
Product finish
White with white matte grille; black with black matte grille.
Top-panel features
Capacitive touch controls for volume up/down, previous/next track, play/pause,microphone mute. LED indicates status, mute status, and voice feedback.
Complete privacy
An illuminated LED indicator light ensures you’re always aware when the speaker’s microphone is active.
Weight
4.08 lbs. (1.85 kg).
Ethernet port
One 10/100 Mbps Ethernet port. Wire directly to your router to operate your Sonos if WiFi is unstable.
Power supply
Auto-switching 100-240 V, 50-60 Hz AC universal input.
WiFi, not Bluetooth
Connects to your home WiFi network with any 802.11b/g, 2.4 GHz broadcast-capable router for uninterrupted wireless streaming.
Apple AirPlay 2 compatible
Works with Apple AirPlay 2 on Apple devices [iOS 11.4 and higher]
Sonos One, power cord, Sonos One QuickStart Guide, and Legal/Warranty information.
AirPlay 2
Voice Control Built-in
Mute for Privacy
Humidity Resistant
Capacitive Touch Controls
Automatic Software Updates
WiFi
Delivery
Easy returns
Not exactly what you wanted? Return it within 100 days. We'll cover delivery costs.
Free delivery
Enjoy free 2-day delivery.
Professional installation
to customise your architectural Sonos system.
How is Sonos One Gen 2 different from the original version?
Gen 2 has an updated processor, Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE), and increased memory.
How do the new processor and increased memory affect the product experience?
Currently there are no feature differences between Sonos One Gen 2 and the original version. The original Sonos One will continue to support all its current features, and more, in the future. Over time, however, the increased memory, Bluetooth Low Energy, and processing power may allow us to bring new product experiences to the Gen 2 version that the original will not be able to support. That said, we have no specific Gen 2-only features planned at this time.
Will Sonos One Gen 2 work in stereo pair and as surrounds with the original Sonos One?
Yes, the Gen 2 works seamlessly with the original Sonos One as a stereo pair or home cinema surrounds.
How can I tell which version I have?
Sonos One Gen 2 is marked as “Gen 2” on the product label underneath the speaker. The original Sonos One only has “One” on the product label.
How does Sonos One Gen 2 use Bluetooth Low Energy?
Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) was first introduced with Sonos Beam, and now we are bringing it to Sonos One Gen 2. Just like with Beam, BLE can be used to communicate temporarily with your phone/tablet to simplify the first-time setup process. BLE does not support audio streaming. Once setup is done, Sonos One Gen 2 streams and updates via your WiFi just like the original Sonos One.
Reviews
Product manual
Take a comprehensive look at the setup, function, and maintenance of One. The product manual details all of its specifications and how to care for your Sonos speaker.
Better together
Why Choose Sonos
Brilliant Sound
Enjoy clear, richly-detailed sound that fills the room at any volume.
Easy to Use
Setup takes minutes, and control is simple with the Sonos app, Apple AirPlay 2, and your voice.
Listen Your Way
Customise your system and play what you want, where you want.
Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.
Get updates, exclusive offers, and more