Evolv Wireless Upper Arm Blood Pressure Monitor | Omron Healthcare
FREE SHIPPING ON ALL ORDERS
INTRODUCING
WEIGHS IN ON OMRON BLOOD PRESSURE MONITORS
INTRODUCING THE
INTRODUCING THE
OMRON IS
FOR HOME BLOOD PRESSURE MONITORS
Evolv Wireless Upper Arm Blood Pressure Monitor
This product has been rated by Consumer Reports.
to see how Omron stands out against competitors.
Consumer Reports does not endorse products or services
Model: BP7000
The next step in eliminating heart attacks is here. Our new Evolv® upper arm blood pressure monitor is compact, intuitive and clinically-accurate.
This product is FSA-eligible, but please check with your FSA provider to confirm its eligibility in your plan. OmronHealthcare.com currently does not accept FSA cards as a method of payment. You will need to submit your order receipt to your FSA plan provider reimbursement. For more information visit OmronHealthcare.com/fsa.
In Stock
OmronHealthcare.com
Exclusive
Purchase direct from OmronHealthcare.com and register your device for a FREE extended warranty.
Purchase a blood pressure monitor, fitness device or TENS unit from OmronHealthcare.com and register the unit to receive an additional 1 year limited warranty. Offer does not apply to purchases from other retailers and accessories.
Features
and the #1 selling manufacturer of blood pressure monitors for 40 years
Innovative
one-piece design takes clinically-accurate readings without awkward wires or hoses
Built sleek and compact
so you can take reliable readings anywhere, any time
Simple, intuitive controls
allow for no-hassle set up and easy use time and time again
Connects to Omron Connect App
with Bluetooth technology so you can monitor your trends and share your readings with family or a healthcare provider (can be used without a smart device)
Bluetooth®
technology allows you to sync your readings to your smartphone via the Omron Connect mobile app. For a list of compatible iOS and Android devices visit
Wide-range cuff
fits standard to large adult upper arms 9” to 17” in circumference
Product Info
Description
This innovative upper arm one-piece blood pressure monitor uses our exclusive heart health algorithm, Advanced Accuracy. It measures more data points and eliminates interference from movement for more precise, clinically-accurate readings. It’s also redesigned from the ground up. We’ve eliminated the tubes and wires, making Evolv our most portable upper arm monitor ever. Plus, it’s sleek, contemporary design and highly intuitive controls make it easy to set up and use. The Evolv wirelessly connects via Bluetooth to the Omron Connect app on your smart device to track and store your readings over time.
Includes: main unit with Wide Range ComFit cuff, instruction manual, quick start guide, 4 AAA batteries
Limited Warranty
Your BP7000 Upper Arm Blood Pressure Monitor, excluding batteries, is warranted to be free from defects in materials and workmanship appearing within 5 years from the date of purchase, when used in accordance with the instructions provided with the monitor. The above warranty extends only to the original retail purchaser. We will, at our option, replace without charge any monitor covered by the above warranty. Replacement is our only responsibility and your only remedy under the above warranty.
Support
How To Use The Evolv Wireless Upper Arm Blood Pressure Monitor
Omron Health Skill for Amazon Alexa
Blood Pressure Companion Apps
Make the most out of your devices with Omron apps. They make it easy to track your health and include features that allow you to view your blood pressure at any time, track your log history and check for patterns, and email data to your family or physicians.
Avalailable on the App Store® or Google Play™
LET OMRON AND ALEXA HELP MANAGE YOUR HEART HEALTH
Simplify how you manage your blood pressure with the Omron Health app and Alexa, the cloud-based voice service from Amazon. Store and track your readings and even share them with your doctor!
Blood Pressure
The ability to check your blood pressure easily, wherever you are, is essential not only to your health but to your peace of mind. When you do, it's important to have complete reassurance that your numbers are accurate. Get portability, convenience, and complete blood pressure accuracy right out of the box so you can go about your day with confidence.