Door View Cam | Video Doorbell Monitoring | Apartments & Homes
| Ring
Door View Cam
$199.00
ADD TO CART
Door View Cam
$199.00
Regular price
Door View Cam
$199.00
Regular price
Enjoy all the benefits of a Video Doorbell – HD video, two-way talk and motion-activated notifications – in a sleek, compact form that’s perfectly designed for homes and apartments with a compatible peephole. It installs in minutes, senses knocks and lets you see who’s at your door from anywhere. So you can spend less time worrying about home and more time enjoying your every day.
Multi
Quantity:
Add to cart
HD Video &Two-Way Talk
AdjustableMotion Detection
ImpactSensor
RemovableBattery Pack
CustomizablePrivacy Settings
Works With Alexa
Your new point of view.
See who’s there from anywhere with the all-new Door View Cam. Add security and convenience to your home with a smart, compact HD camera. Get mobile notifications, and see, hear and speak to visitors from your phone or tablet. Apartments, houses, condos and more – if there’s a compatible peephole on your door, Door View Cam has it covered.
Know who’sknocking.
Always know who’s coming and going, and greet visitors right from your phone or tablet.
Know what’sdelivered.
Get notifications whenever you have a delivery, and keep an eye on your goods from anywhere.
Know whenit’s unsafe.
Send away unwanted guests while you’re at home or on the go with two-way talk in the Ring app.
Makes an impact.Detects them too.
Visitors don’t press your doorbell button? Don’t worry! Door View Cam’s built-in impact sensor lets you know when anyone comes knocking, so you’ll never miss a thing.
Monitorswhat matters.
Customize your motion sensors to detect events that matter the most. Live in a building with neighboring units or communal or public spaces? Activate privacy zones and disable audio recording to focus only on what's relevant to you.
Sees the outside.Shields the inside.
There’s even a built-in peephole just in case you want to see who’s there the old-fashioned way, and we added a simple privacy shield to make sure you can look out without letting others look in.
Installs in minutes.
Unscrew and remove the existing peephole on your door with the included tool.
Place the camera on the outside and connect it with the rear section on the inside.
Insert the rechargeable battery and snap the cover onto the rear section. Now you’re ready to protect.
Complete control with the Ring app.
Get Notifications
Receive real-time notifications on your phone and tablet whether you’re on your couch, at the gym or in the office.
Complete control with the Ring app.
Monitor in Real Time
Check in on your home at anytime from anywhere, and get real-time video and audio with the Live View button.
Complete control with the Ring app.
Control Your Devices
Connect to all your Ring devices to see what’s happening from a single dashboard and control everything with one simple app.
Complete control with the Ring app.
Get Notifications
Receive real-time notifications on your phone and tablet whether you’re on your couch, at the gym or in the office.
Complete control with the Ring app.
Monitor in Real Time
Check in on your home at anytime from anywhere, and get real-time video and audio with the Live View button.
Complete control with the Ring app.
Control Your Devices
Connect to all your Ring devices to see what’s happening from a single dashboard and control everything with one simple app.
Icon Notifications Exclamation
Notifications
Live View
Live View
Icon connect
Connect
Don’t miss a thing with Ring Protect.
Get even more out of your Ring devices every day with , a comprehensive service that activates video recording for doorbells and cameras at a low price. It lets you review the moments you missed so you can share important ones with those who matter most. And that’s just the start. Think of it as protection at your side all the time.
icon-video-recording
Video Recording
Record your videos to review, save and share the moments you missed at any time.
icon-extended-warranty
Extended Warranty
Extend the warranty on all your devices with a Protect Plus subscription.
icon-professional-monitoring
Professional Monitoring
Get nonstop emergency support for Ring Alarm whenever a security threat is detected with a Protect Plus subscription.1
icon-30-calendar
30 Days Free
Experience the first 30 days of video recording on us with a free trial of Ring Protect. After the trial, choose a plan and purchase a subscription to keep access to your video history.
icon-lock-flexible-options
Flexible Options
Choose a plan that works for you. Cover one device for $3/month or your entire home for $10/month.
“Finally, renters can become video doorbell owners, too, and see who’s knocking at their front door.”
“Ring has introduced the Door View Cam, which is easy to install for added peace of mind.”
“It's a totally wireless design so it doesn't impede the style of your door.”
Works with Door View Cam.
Do more with Door View Cam and connect it to an array of
compatible devices for a smarter, more secure home.
Do more with Door View Cam and connect it to an array of
compatible devices for a smarter, more secure home.
Connect your Ring of Security.Link Door View Cam and all your Ring devices to the Ring app to make your security work better together, so you can control them all from your phone or tablet.
“Alexa, show me my front door.”Enjoy hands-free home monitoring with select Alexa-enabled devices, so you can hear custom notifications from Echo Dot, launch video with Echo Show and more.
Open doors right from the app.Link Door View Cam with select smart door locks like Schlage Encode​2 to open doors for you, your friends and family from anywhere with the Ring app.
Shop popular accessories.
translation missing: en.products.expandprod.regular_price
$49.00
Expand your network for a more reliable connection, and hear indoor alerts when you’re not near your phone.
translation missing: en.products.expandprod.regular_price
$29.00
Amplify your notifications to hear them indoors, even when you’re not near your phone or tablet.
translation missing: en.products.expandprod.regular_price
$29.00
Get an additional quick-release battery pack to make sure you always have backup power when you need it.
Tech Specs
Size and Color
Dimensions
Indoors: 2.26 in.x 4.40 in.x 1.16 in. (57.4 mm x 112 mm x 29.5 mm)
Outdoors: 1.85 in. x 3.83 in.x 0.78 in. (47.0mm x 97.3 mm x 19.8 mm)
Peephole Diameter: 1/2 in x 9/16 in. (12 mm - 14 mm)
Available Colors
Indoors: Ring White
Outdoor: Black with Satin Nickel trim
Power and Connectivity
Power
Runs on a Rechargeable Battery Pack
Connectivity
802.11 b/g/n Wi-Fi connection @ 2.4GHz
Features
Video
1080p HD video with night vision
Motion Detection
Adjustable Motion Detection
Privacy:
Privacy zones
Optical viewer with privacy cover
Field of View
Horizontal: 155°
Vertical: 90°
Audio
Two-way audio with noise cancellation
Installation
Average Install Time
5 minutes
Operating Conditions
Indoors: -5°F to 120°F (-20.5°C to 48.5°C), Weather resistant (IPX5 supported)
Outdoors: 32°F to 104°F (0°C to 40°C)
Setup Requirements
​Standard width door with peephole
Door Thickness Compatibility
Compatible only with doors thickness ranging from 34mm (~1.3") to 55mm (~2.2")
General
Box Includes
Door View Cam
Rechargeable Battery Pack
Installation Tools and Hardware
User Manual
Security Sticker
Spare Connector Cable
Warranty
1 year on parts, Theft protection
Frequently Asked Questions
What is Door View Cam?
Door View Cam is our latest video doorbell that lets you answer the door from anywhere. It sends real-time notifications to your phone and tablet whenever anyone knocks on your door, triggers the built-in motion sensors or presses the doorbell button. Answer the notification and you can see, hear and speak to people at your door from anywhere.
The main difference between Door View Cam and other Ring Video Doorbells is its placement. Unlike other Video Doorbells, Door View Cam is installed directly on your door by replacing its peephole.
If I install Door View Cam, will I lose access to my existing peephole?
No. Door View Cam also has a built-in peephole with a privacy shield, so you can look outside without using the camera while preventing others from looking inside your home.
Do I need an existing peephole to install Door View Cam?
Yes. Door View Cam replaces the peephole on your door, so a peephole is required to begin installation. Door View Cam is compatible only with standard size peepholes 12mm (~1/2”) to 14mm (~9/16”) and door thickness ranging from 34mm (~1.3”) to 55mm (~2.2”).
How does Door View Cam stay powered?
Door View Cam comes with a quick-release rechargeable battery pack that lets you charge the battery without moving the device. To recharge Door View Cam, simply press the button on the battery pack to release it from the camera, then plug it into a micro-USB cord until fully charged. Slide the battery back into place once it’s charged, and you’re ready to protect your home with Door View Cam.
Can I install Door View Cam on my apartment or condo door?
Door View Cam is designed to easily replace your peephole, making it a great solution for apartment renters and condo owners. If you ever need to move, you can easily remove your Door View Cam and replace it with the existing peephole, so your landlord and HOAs don’t have to worry about permanent home alterations. As always, be sure to get permission from your building management or homeowners’ association before making improvements to your home security.
Do I need to get permission from anybody to use Door View Cam?
As always, it’s your responsibility to comply with local laws and community rules. Depending on where you live and the layout of your home, you may need to get permission from your neighbors, building owners, property managers, housing associations, etc., as the case may be. We encourage you to use the security stickers we provide in the box so your neighbors are aware that audio/video surveillance is taking place on the premises.
We also recommend that you be mindful of your Door View Cam’s field of view and the features you are using. For instance, you can adjust motion zones in order to control what areas you want Door View Cam to detect motion events. When necessary, use the audio toggle to disable audio recording and create privacy zones to limit what gets recorded in your camera's field of view if your Door View Cam is covered by a Ring Protect plan.
Is Door View Cam weather-resistant?
Yes. Door View Cam is weather-resistant and can withstand temperatures as low as -5°F (0°C) and as high as 120°F (40°C), so you can place it on most doors that face the outside without worrying about the elements.
Is Door View Cam compatible with Alexa-enabled devices?
Yes. Door View Cam is compatible with select Echo and Fire TV devices as well as Alexa-enabled tablets. When connected to a compatible Alexa-enabled device, you can hear notifications from Door View Cam, answer the door with your voice, use Live View to check in on home, and speak to people on your property with two-way talk.
What are privacy zones?
Privacy zones are a feature that help you protect your neighbors’ privacy by excluding selected areas in the camera's field of view from Live View and video recording. If you activate privacy zones, the areas they cover will be blacked out to help protect your neighbors’ privacy. You can create distinct privacy zones from within the Ring app.
See
to learn more about privacy zones.
Does Door View Cam save my videos so I can review them later?
If you have a subscription to Ring Protect, videos captured by your Door View Cam will be saved to your Ring account for up to 60 days, so you can review them at any time. Every Door View Cam comes with a free 30-day trial of Ring Protect. You can choose to subscribe to Ring Protect at any time, and you won’t be charged until the end of your free trial.
Go
to learn more about Ring Protect.
Can I share my videos with people?
If you have a subscription to Ring Protect, you can share your videos with anyone, including neighbors, friends, family and local law enforcement. Every Door View Cam comes with a free 30-day trial of Ring Protect. You can choose to subscribe to Ring Protect at any time to save, review and share all videos captured by your Door View Cam, and you won’t be charged until the end of your free trial.
Go
to learn more about Ring Protect.
What’s Ring Protect?
Ring Protect is a comprehensive service that activates video recording, saving and sharing for your Door View Cam, plus a few extra perks. There are two tiers of Ring Protect: Basic and Plus.
Ring Protect Basic activates video recording and sharing for individual Ring Doorbells and Cameras. It saves all your videos to your Ring account for up to 60 days, so you can review what you missed and share what’s important. Ring Protect Basic subscriptions start at only $3 a month per device. Ring Protect Basic only covers one device.
Ring Protect Plus adds even more to your home security. It includes video recording and sharing for unlimited Ring Doorbells and Cameras at your home, and it also comes with 24/7 professional monitoring with cellular backup for Ring Alarm, and more. Ring Protect Plus subscriptions start at only $10 a month per home.
Go
to learn more about Ring Protect.
Do I need Ring Protect to use Door View Cam?
No. You can still use Door View Cam to watch over your home and answer the door from anywhere, even without a subscription to Ring Protect. Without Ring Protect, you’ll still receive real-time notifications when anyone comes to your door, and you can answer the notification to see, hear and speak to visitors in real time right from your mobile device.
However, without a subscription to Ring Protect, you won’t be able to review any videos that you missed in real time, and you won’t be able to save your videos or share them with anyone. Tap
​to learn more about Ring Protect and to choose a plan that works for you.
A doorbell for every home.
Homeowners, renters, builders and more. Whatever you call home, Ring has a solution at the door.
Video
Doorbell
Video
Doorbell 2
Door
View Cam
Video
Doorbell Pro
Video
Doorbell Elite
1Ring does not own its own professional monitoring center but works with a leader in the industry to provide this service.
2Requires integration with Key by Amazon.
Company
Support
Sign up for the latest news and offers
Hmm, that doesn't look like a valid e-mail address. Mind trying again?
X