Nest Thermostat E | It’s Easy to Save Energy | Nest
Get $10 off when you buy the Nest Temperature Sensor with the Nest Thermostat E.
Discover what your home can do.
Speak to a Nest specialist and get your questions answered.
If you're currently experiencing a smoke or carbon monoxide or other home safety emergency, call 911 or your local fire department.
It’s easy to save energy.
The Nest Thermostat E turns itself down when you’re away. You can control it from anywhere. And its frosted display is beautifully designed to blend right in.
Turn it up or down from anywhere.
With the Nest app, change the temperature from the beach, the office or your bed.1
Turn it up or down from anywhere.
With the Nest app, change the temperature from the beach, the office or your bed.1
Remote control.
From your phone, tablet or laptop.
Check your Energy History.
See how much you save. And see how to save more.
Know if there’s a problem.
Nest can tell you about your furnace, filters and more.
Family Accounts.
Everyone at home can use the Nest app.
Helps save energy. And keeps you comfortable.
The Nest Thermostat E’s energy-saving features have saved people an average of 10% to 12% on heating bills and 15% on cooling bills. Based on typical energy costs, that’s an estimated average savings of $131 to $145 a year.2
Look for the Nest Leaf.
When you change to an energy-saving temperature, you’ll see the Nest Leaf.
Start with a simple schedule.
Up in the morning, down at night. Adjust it whenever you like from the Nest app.
Choose which rooms matter most.
With the Nest Temperature Sensor, the baby’s room or the living room can get top priority. (Sold separately.)
Turns itself down when you leave.
It uses your phone’s location to know you’re away.
Savings all year round.
With our energy partners, you can get
The Nest Thermostat E is ENERGY STAR® certified.
Nest Thermostat E
Customer ratings and reviews
Reviews submitted by verified Nest users.
The E looks like it belongs in the home. It is subtle and exactly what you want when it comes to a thermostat. It isn’t complicated and really makes it easy to use. I suggest this everyone when it comes to thermostats.
21st Century Meets Thermostats
This Nest product is what I have been dreaming of.
It is remotely adjustable; it thinks on its own and saves me money!!
I love this technology.
Easier Than I Expected
This product perfectly fits my needs. The scheduler works great and was easy to setup. Speaking of easy, the app sure makes this literally plug and play. Well done!
The Thermostat E is the best iteration yet. It's more affordable, more visually pleasing (blends in more), and contains almost all of the same functions of the more costly models.
Most homes aren’t the same temperature in every room. With the Nest Temperature Sensor, you can let your Nest thermostat know which room should be a certain temperature at a certain time of day. Just put it on a wall or shelf in a room that matters most, like the living room or baby’s room. And get the right temperature, right where you want it. (Sold separately.)
Nest products are made to work together. And they can even work with lights, locks and other products in your home.
Nest Thermostat E
Nest Protect
If Nest Protect detects smoke, it can tell your Nest Thermostat E to turn off the heat to help keep the danger from spreading throughout your home.
Nest Thermostat E
Nest Cam Indoor
When the Nest Thermostat E knows that you’re away, Nest Cam can turn on automatically. And it’s all by using sensors in Nest products and the location of your phone.
Nest Thermostat E
Google Home
“Ok Google, set the temperature to 72 degrees.”
Google Home can control devices in your home like the Nest Thermostat E. Feeling chilly? Just ask Google Home to turn up the heat.
Explore what works with the Nest Thermostat E
It’s easy to install.
Most people install their Nest Thermostat in 60 minutes or less. Need help? Find a Nest Pro to do it for you.
The Nest Thermostat E is compatible with most heating and cooling systems.
Two Nest Thermostats. Two beautiful designs.
Nest Temperature Sensor
Mobile notifications and remote control require working internet and Wi‑Fi.Individual savings not guaranteed.