Preventice - BodyGuardian Heart
|
|
Our Sensors
Our Platforms
Our Capabilities
Our Services
Preventice
Technologies
creating constant connection between
patients and their care teams
With innovative digital technologies and accessories, the smartphone and wearable sensors are going to upend every aspect of healthcare. And the end result will be the patient taking center stage for the first time.
The BodyGuardian® Heart monitoring system is a cutting edge approach allowing healthcare providers to monitor key biometrics outside the clinical setting, while patients go about their daily lives, thus safeguarding the health and safety of individuals every day.  BodyGuardian® Heart is a discreet wireless remote monitor that records important physiological data such as heart rhythm, ECG, respiratory rate and activity.
Information from the BodyGuardian® Heart remote monitoring system is gathered and funneled into a robust clinical data management system providing interactive access to patient clinical information by the physician and practice personnel. Based on the physicians' needs, a thorough set of reports can be created and reviewed on the PatientCare portal to track the patient’s progress. All reports are made available online or via PDF for inclusion in your patients’ records or possibly the healthcare practice EMR system. For those physicians looking to standardize remote monitoring services across their healthcare organization, Preventice Solutions offers a variety of options through .
Our Platforms
Our Services
Patient
Friendly
Secure & Reliable
Data Transmission
Quality
Assurance
Symptoms
Notification
Higher Diagnostic
Yield
CLINICAL APPLICATIONS
The FDA cleared monitor wirelessly records important physiological data such as:
Rhythm monitoring: Ambulatory ECG for arrhythmias, including Atrial Fibrillation, Tachycardia, Bradycardia, Pause, and others
Recordings and transmission of periodic ECG at specified intervals
Calculation of average heart rate data every 10 seconds
Calculation of average respiration rate* (i.e. breaths per minute)
Calculation of average activity level via 3-axis accelerometer*
In conjunction with PatientCare Portal, additional devices can be added to remotely monitor vital signs such as: blood pressure, weight, glucose, and Peripheral capillary oxygen saturation (SpO2).
BodyGuardian® HeartRemote Monitoring System
Remote Cardiac Monitoring
Includes patient triggered and device-detected episodes
Wirelessly transmits data for further analysis through an Android-based smartphone’s cellular connection
Jointly developed with Mayo Clinic and ST Microelectronics
Centralized Cloud Platform
Provides level services between devices and end-users such as data exchange
Includes fault tolerant transaction processing
Highly secure, HIPAA privacy compliant design
Provider Data Access
Advanced engaging user interface
Allows providers to configure thresholds for physiological event
Enables workflow for efficient review of multiple patients
PLATFORM SECURITY
BodyGuardian® Heart Remote Monitoring System complies with HIPAA guidelines and employs many measures to ensure the security and privacy of patient data are maintained at each step. Finally, once the data reaches the Preventice Care Platform for eventual storage or analysis, the following features help ensure optimal data integrity and security. The security measures employed by Preventice can be described across three primary dimensions:
Device/App PasswordSecurity
EncryptedCommunication
Device IdentityVerification
Permission-basedAccess
Endpoint IdentityVerification
Health Data AccessAuditing
Data Encryption
Source Traceability
Separation of Identity
.
Preventice Services
1717 N. Sam Houston Parkway West
Suite 100
Houston, TX 77038
Preventice Technologies
3605 Hwy 52 N
Building 003-2
Rochester, MN 55901
Follow Us
|
|
All contents © Copyright Preventice Technologies, Inc. 2018. All Rights Reserved.