OMRON Healthcare - Blood Pressure Monitor - EVOLV
Your browser's JavaScript functionality is turned off. Please enable JavaScript for full functionality of this site.
Menu
Enter your keyword
Quick links
Play video
Alexa compatible
Made in Japan
EVOLV
Blood Pressure Monitor
3 Year Warranty
OMRON EVOLV - The new, easy to use, All in One Upper Arm Blood Pressure Monitor. Take accurate readings in any position around the upper arm1 & track progress via smartphone.
Product features:
All in One upper arm blood pressure monitor - No tubes. No wires. Simply accurate.
Intellisense Technology - Inflates the cuff to the ideal level for each use.
Intelli Wrap Cuff - For an easy and accurate reading.
Clinically Validated - The device has proven its reliability and accuracy under vigorous testing procedures by major health organisations.
Cuff Wrap Guide - Indicates if the cuff is wrapped correctly: not too loose or too tight.
OMRON connect app - Get connected. Access anytime. See progress. Mobile application for iPhone / Android™.
1. Bilo G et al. Hypertens Res 2017. 40(6): 573-580.
2. Asmar R et al. Validation of the HEM-7134-E & HEM-7600T-E in Pregnancy according to the Modified European Society of Hypertension International Protocol (ESH-IP). France. 2017; Manuscript in preparation.
3 Year Warranty
Product benefits
All-in-one design
Thanks to EVOLV's all-in-one design, measuring your blood pressure at home, or on the go, has never been more convenient.
See the full picture
EVOLV can sync your readings to your smartphone—so you can track your results, monitor your progress, and get a deeper understanding of your health over time.
Reliable results
With standard cuffs, 1-in-3 people measure their blood pressure incorrectly. EVOLV’s Intelli Wrap Cuff Technology ensures 360˚ accuracy in any position around your upper arm¹.
Validated for use during pregnancy
For peace of mind, EVOLV has been successfully validated in pregnant women with and without pre-eclampsia².
No more guesswork
Our Cuff Wrap Guide lets you know if your cuff is wrapped correctly - not too loose, nor too tight.
Why should I use a blood pressure monitor?
Helps to diagnose and monitor hypertension
Can help detect your cardiovascular risk
A more complete picture of your heart health
Features
Specifications
Support
FAQ
Features
Features
All in One upper arm blood pressure monitor - No tubes. No wires. Simply accurate.
Intellisense Technology - Inflates the cuff to the ideal level for each use.
Intelli Wrap Cuff - For an easy and accurate reading.
Clinically Validated - The device has proven its reliability and accuracy under vigorous testing procedures by major health organisations.
Cuff Wrap Guide - Indicates if the cuff is wrapped correctly: not too loose or too tight.
OMRON connect app - Get connected. Access anytime. See progress. Mobile application for iPhone / Android™.
1. Bilo G et al. Hypertens Res 2017. 40(6): 573-580.
2. Asmar R et al. Validation of the HEM-7134-E & HEM-7600T-E in Pregnancy according to the Modified European Society of Hypertension International Protocol (ESH-IP). France. 2017; Manuscript in preparation.
Specifications
Specifications
Device Type:
Upper Arm Blood Pressure Monitor
Connected:
Yes
Cuff Type:
Intelli Wrap Cuff 22-42cm
Memory:
100 Readings
Cuff Wrap Guide:
Yes
Irregular Heartbeat Detection:
Yes
Body Movement Detection:
Yes
Storage Case Included:
Yes
Validation:
Clinical Validation,
Pregnancy Validation
Intellisense Technology:
Yes
Stroke Prevention:
Yes
Length (cm):
12.00
Height (cm):
17.00
Depth (cm):
13.00
Sales Package Weight (g):
670.00
What's in the box
EVOLV blood pressure monitor, instruction manual, storage case, battery set, blood pressure pass, set-up instructions for OMRON connect
Compatibility
This device is compatible with OMRON connect. To see a list of smartphones tested with OMRON connect, please .
Warranty
3 years after date of delivery in accordance with the Warranty Card or the Instruction Manual inside the product packaging.
Support
Support
Learn how to use your device
Play video
Instruction manual
Deutsch
عربى
Ruso
English
Italiano
Français
Nederlands
Español
Türk
Download
FAQ
FAQ
How can I clean my blood pressure monitor?
Wipe the casing of the monitor clean using a soft dry cloth. Never use any abrasive type cleaners or submerge the monitor or any of the components in water. The cuff can be cleaned with a soft moistened cloth and a mild soap.
How do I assemble and use the upper arm cuff (small, medium, large or wide range)?
When the cuff is assembled correctly, the Velcro hook material will be on the outside of the cuff loop and the metal ring will not touch your skin. If the cuff is open, pass the end of the cuff furthest from the tubing through the metal ring to form a loop. The smooth cloth should be on the inside of the cuff loop.
1. Remove tight-fitting clothing from your upper arm.
2. Sit in a chair with your feet flat on the floor.
3. Put your left arm through the cuff loop. The bottom of the cuff should be about 1 – 2 cm above your elbow (thickness of your index or middle finger). Adjust the cuff around your arm so that the tubing runs down the centre of your arm in line with your middle finger (palm open and facing upwards).
4. Secure the cuff around your arm using the cloth closure. Pull the cuff so that the top and bottom edges are tightened evenly around your arm.
5. The cuff should be firmly secured but not too tight – just enough so that it is difficult to slide 2 fingers under the cuff. This space is imperative for an accurate reading. OMRON's digital Blood Pressure Monitors use the Oscillometric method of blood pressure measurement that detects your blood's movement through your brachial artery and converts this movement into a digital reading.
6. Relax your arm and place your elbow on the table so that the cuff is at the same level as your heart. Turn the palm of your hand upward.
7. Check there are no kinks in the air tubing. Be careful that you do not rest your elbow on the air tube when taking a blood pressure reading.
8. Press the ‘O/I START’ or ‘START’ button to begin the blood pressure reading.
For additional information please refer to the Instruction Manual for your device.
What does ‘Clinically Validated’ mean and is it the same as Clinically Tested?
The two terms are not the same. Clinically Validated means a product has been evaluated by an independent organisation and tested against as well as met the stringent requirements as set out by numerous international organisations such as the British Hypertension Society (BHS), European Society for Hypertension (ESH), and International Protocol (IP), just to mention a few. A device that is ‘clinically tested’ has not been tested or evaluated against a set of defined criteria it simply means the device has been used by staff in some type of clinic.
What is the cause of the E or EE Error Indicator?
Each model of OMRON Blood Pressure Monitor has some basic diagnostics built into the unit. If the device detects a problem, this will be displayed as an E, EE or Er ## (## = a two digit number). Please refer to the Troubleshooting and Maintenance section in your Instruction Manual for a list of the error codes and explanations applicable to your device.
Why do my blood pressure readings seem to vary?
There are are several reasons why you may have inconsistent readings. Many factors exist that can cause a variation in blood pressure measurement values, for example, recent activities or even the time of day can alter the reading.
Additionally, the user's technique is very important for reliable measurement results. Listed below are some of the common reasons you may see an inconsistent or inaccurate reading:
Cuff Size
It is very important to use the appropriate size cuff for your arm to obtain accurate measurement results when using your blood pressure monitor. In order to determine the appropriate cuff size, you need to measure the circumference of your arm. You should periodically measure your arm size. This is especially true if you have a borderline arm size measurement, or you may have gained or lost weight.
It is important to ensure the arm cuff you are using with your monitor is the correct size for you. If the incorrect cuff is used the result may be an inaccurate reading and/or the cuff will be damaged (air bladder).
To determine your arm size, use a cloth tape measure and place the tape measure midway between your elbow and your shoulder around the circumference of your upper arm. Wrap the tape measure evenly around your arm. Do not pull the tape tight. Note the precise measurement in centimetres.
Cuff Application
1. Put your left arm through the cuff loop. The bottom of the cuff should be about 1 – 2 cm above your elbow (thickness of your index or middle finger). Adjust the cuff around your arm so that the tubing runs down the centre of your arm in line with your middle finger.
2. Secure the cuff around your arm using the cloth closure. Pull the cuff so that the top and bottom edges are tightened evenly around your arm.
3. Secure the cuff firmly but not too tight – just enough so that it is difficult to slide 2 fingers under the cuff. This space is imperative for an accurate reading because OMRON's digital Blood Pressure Monitors use the Oscillometric method of blood pressure measurement that detects your blood's movement through your brachial artery and converts this movement into a digital reading.
Before Taking a Measurement
Avoid eating, drinking alcohol, smoking, exercising, and bathing for 30 minutes and rest for 15 before starting the measurement. Avoid taking a measurement during stressful times. Take the measurement in a quiet place.
Body Position
Sit in a chair with your feet flat on the floor. Rest your arm on a table with your palm facing upward. The cuff should be level with your heart. Do not talk or move during the measurement.
For additional information please refer to the Instruction Manual for your device.
Why is home monitoring of blood pressure so important?
Doctors, physician assistants, nurses and other healthcare professionals recommend home blood pressure monitoring for various reasons, including the ability to:
• Be constantly aware of a vital indicator about your overall health
• Provide your doctor with information to better understand and manage your (high) blood pressure
• See how you are responding to medication
Many types of hypertension can only be detected by monitoring your blood pressure at home, including:
• White-coat Hypertension: blood pressure reading is high in doctor's office but lower at home
• Masked Hypertension: blood pressure reading is low in doctor's office but higher at home
Additionally, many factors can affect your blood pressure, including physical exertion, emotional fluctuations, medications and stress, so it is important to regularly monitor your blood pressure at home.
Monitoring your blood pressure at home allows you to more easily be in a relaxed state plus the flexibility to take your measurements at various times during the day. By keeping track of your home blood pressure readings, you can provide your healthcare professional with a log of blood pressure measurements over time, which can help them evaluate the effectiveness of your treatment.
How do I connect my OMRON device to a PC or Smartphone?
If your device features Bluetooth Smart you can use "OMRON connect" on your smartphone. Go to  for details. If your device requires a USB cable you can use Bi-LINK Health Management. Details can be found at
How can I get my OMRON blood pressure monitor re-calibrated?
With all OMRON blood pressure monitors, the recommended time between calibration depends on the use of the product. If the monitor is being used in a home or personal environment, we recommend they are re-calibrated every 2 years. If the monitor is being used in a clinical environment such as a doctors surgery, we recommend that this is done annually to ensure the accuracy of the results.
OMRON blood pressure monitors all come with a 3 year warranty from date of delivery. If you still have a copy of your receipt or invoice, we can service your monitor free of charge for 3 years from the date of delivery.
If you wish to proceed with this, please follow the below instructions to ensure a quick turnaround.
You will need to include:
A brief note stating that your machine requires servicing & explaining the issues you are having with obtaining readings, if any.
Your return address details - Items are sent out via our nominated courier so the return address needs to be where someone will be available to sign for it.
A daytime contact telephone number.
A copy of your purchase receipt or invoice (showing purchase within the last 3 years) so that we can carry the work out free of charge.
Alternatively, feel free to contact us with the serial number on the back of the monitor so that we can check when the monitor was manufactured as we can start the 3 year warranty from the manufacturing date if you no longer have a receipt. If you have had your monitor for more than 3 years, we can of course still service it outside of warranty - There is a standard charge of £30 for this which is payable by cheque made out to "OMRON Healthcare UK Ltd."
Mailing address:
Technical Customer Services
OMRON Healthcare UK Ltd
Opal Drive
Fox Milne
Milton Keynes
Bucks
MK15 0DG
We aim to have your monitor returned to you within 7 working days.
Shipping and returns
Shipping and returns
Shipping information
Standard delivery in 2-3 business days for orders placed before 5 PM, at £3.95 per order. Free delivery for all orders above £60.
Return information
Free return within 14 days. Read more about
Learn more
Discover ways to enable yourself to live a more fulfilling life with our healthy living and lifestyle tips.
Stay in the Know about Health and Wellbeing Topics
Get FREE health and lifestyle advice on living a more fulfilling life, and be the first to know about our special offers.
Email address
Subscribe
By subscribing to the newsletter, I agree to the OMRON's
and , and understand that I may unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time.
Products
Accessories
Health & Lifestyle
Support
About
Country & Language
Change country
Changing the country will redirect you to another OMRON website on which online purchases may not currently be available.
Apply