Smart blood pressure monitor with ECG & digital stethoscope - BPM Core | Withings
By clicking or navigating on this site, you agree to our use of cookies to improve your experience and offer personalized advertising through our partners.
Special Offer | Buy a watch, get a free leather wristband.
The Nokia Digital Health business was acquired by Withings co-founder Eric Carreel. The Withings brand will return by the end of 2018.
BPM CoreComing soon
Smart blood pressure monitor with ECG & digital stethoscope
Detection. Prevention.Heart health revolution.
Advanced design.Advanced heart health insights.
For the first time, a connected blood pressure monitor can detect a variety of cardiovascular diseases in the comfort of your home and help identify heart conditions before they progress.
BPM Core delivers accurate blood pressure and heart rate, as well as ECG monitoring and a digital stethoscope. Now an at-home device can point to a risk of serious conditions, including atrial fibrillation (AFib) and valvular heart disease (VHD)—conditions that may have no symptoms.
Works via Wi-Fi or Bluetooth
Features an LED Matrix screen for instant feedback
Get a heart health checkup in 90 seconds
Blood Pressure Monitor
High blood pressure is the most common heart health disease
Hypertension is known as “the silent killer” because it often doesn’t have symptoms. It is believed that 40% of adults age 25 and over suffer from high blood pressure.
Home blood pressure monitoring is recommended by the American Heart Association. BPM Core gives you a journal you can share with your doctor and can also help avoid white-coat syndrome, masked hypertension, and nocturnal hypertension.
Electrocardiogram: atrial fibrillation detection
Atrial fibrillation, or AFib, is an irregular, sometimes fast heartbeat that can lead to serious heart-related complications. AFib often has no symptoms, is not persistent in the initial stages, and the incidence grows with age.
BPM Core can record a medical-grade ECG thanks to 2 electrodes: 1 in the cuff and another in the steel tube held during the measurement.
Digital stethoscope: Valvular heart disease risk detection
Valvular heart disease, or VHD, can remain silent for a long time and lead to heart failure. Patients with VHD often don’t know it and can benefit from early diagnosis.
BPM Core is the first blood pressure monitor that can detect your VHD risk via an integrated digital stethoscope that can listen to and interpret heart sounds.
Health Mate
BPM Core syncs seamlessly via Wi-Fi with the Health Mate app, available for iOS or Android. The app keeps a record of all measurements, delivers insights to improve your cardiovascular health, and makes it easy to share measurements with a doctor. It will also give alerts for early signs of heart disease. Health Mate also works with other Withings devices to track your activity, weight, sleep, and more.
Join the BPM Core early notification list.
Sign up and be the first to know when sales open for this product.
Enter a valid e-mail address
Also subscribe to the newsletter
Sign up
At Withings we have a healthy respect for privacy.
Thanks for signing up.
BPM Core - an essential companion to monitor, detect and prevent heart conditions
BPM Core is a revolutionary smart blood pressure monitor that, for the first time, integrates an electrocardiogram and a digital stethoscope to detect Afib and valvular heart disease risk—and does all three measurements in just 90 seconds. This medical-grade device can help patients to monitor and detect important heart-related vitals at home, so that they can then share results with their doctor.
High blood pressure management
1 in 3 adults in America suffer from high blood pressure, and the American Heart Association and the European Society for Hypertension both recommend at-home blood pressure monitoring with an approved on-arm cuff style device for anyone who suffers from hypertension.
Revolutionary cardiovascular health insights
Now, with BPM Core, a user monitoring their blood pressure at home can now also detect two major heart diseases at the same time. Two conditions that are both more frequent among hypertensive people and currently under-diagnosed:
Atrial fibrillation (AFib)—a serious form of irregular heart rhythm and that can lead to heart failure or strokes, detected via integrated ECG.
Valvular disease (VH)—characterized by a defect of heart valves that can lead to heart failure or blood clots, detected via the integrated digital stethoscope.
The good news is that these conditions have a better outcome when detected early and addressed by a cardiologist.
Quick & easy measurement, tracking & sharing
In just 90 sec, users can check their results with color-coded feedback directly on the device, and they can see their full history in the free Health Mate app via Wi-Fi or Bluetooth connection. Users can also share that information with a physician for early diagnosis, so that treatment can be administered before the disease progresses.
You will be provided with a Nokia branded product. Don’t worry—the product is exactly the same and the guarantee applies on both Nokia and Withings products. If you absolutely want a Withings branded product, sign up to be the first one to know when it will be available:
Enter a valid e-mail address
Sign up
At Withings we have a healthy respect for privacy.
Thanks for signing up.
The Free Leather wristband offer is valid from March 6 2019 3PM CET to March 29th 2019 11.59 PM CET, while supplies last, only on withings.com. A 100% discount will be applied to leather or woven bands added to a shopping cart alongside a Steel, Steel HR or Steel HR Sport. Sorry, Milanese mesh bands are not eligible to this offer. Eligible leather bands may be etched with the Withings or the Nokia brand on their buckle.The “Buy one, get one free” offer applies on Nokia-branded silicone bands only. It is valid from March 6 2019 3PM CET to March 29th 2019 11.59 PM CET, while supplies last, only on withings.com. To claim this offer, two silicone bands must be added to the cart. A 50% discount will be added to eligible bands for carts containing 3 or more such products. Discover our products |  |  |  |   |
|
Buy the products
Your health
PartnersSupportFollow us
© 2019 Withings All rights reserved. |  |  |  |  |