Body Composition Wi-Fi Scale - Body+ | Withings
By clicking or navigating on this site, you agree to our use of cookies to improve your experience and offer personalized advertising through our partners.
Special Offer | Buy a watch, get a free leather wristband.
The Nokia Digital Health business was acquired by Withings co-founder Eric Carreel. The Withings brand will return by the end of 2018.
Body+
2-year warranty 30-day returns
Free shipping from € 115
€ 99.95
Buy
Buy
Body+
Body Composition Wi-Fi Scale
Gain insights. Lose weight.
Body composition analysis
Dedicated coaching program
Up to 8 users
Wi-Fi Synchronization
Baby & pregnancy modes
An ideal weight loss companion
High-accuracy weight and full body composition is just the beginning. Get to know a scale that coaches, rewards, and records all data automatically. And with tools at hand such as trend screens and nutrition tracking, you can set goals — and achieve them.
Colors to fit your lifestyle new
Get a connected scale in Pastel Sand or Pastel Green for an eye-catching look that’ll enhance your bathroom or bedroom.
Weigh smarter
While people focus on weight, full body composition helps you know what goes into that number, so you can pinpoint your efforts
Fat mass
Fat mass percentage can help anyone understand overall health
Muscle mass
So you can target your efforts to lose fat or get stronger
WaterClues you into hydration and retention.
Bone mass
To get a full picture of your body.
Weight
Highly-precise measurements accurate to .1 kg
Be atrendsetter
Don't get thrown by one "bad" day - the trend screen shows the previous 8 weigh-ins to help you see the big picture so you won't get discouraged.
See yourself in a better mirror
Every weigh-in appears in the Health Mate app automatically, via Wi-Fi or Bluetooth sync. With your history available 24/7, you can see what works, reinforce positive behaviors and stay focused on your goals.
Nutrition tracking : Knowledge is power
What makes your numbers go up or down? Health Mate gives you perspective.
Fact : Users who set a goal, track nutrition, and step on the scale regularly lose on average 4x more weight.
Howdy partner
Health Mate plays well with others, pairing with more than 100 health and fitness apps. Easily connect with favorite food tracking apps such as MyFitnessPal, Lose It!, and Weight Watchers. Or train for a race with Runkeeper, Runtastic and MapMyRun. Whatever you decide to add to the mix, Health Mate centralizes all your information to help you achieve your goals.
For the whole family
Up to 8 users can be recognized automatically, and each will have their data independently synced to their Health Mate profile.
More reasons to step on
Provide a daily local weather forecast and display the previous day's step (if you use a Withings activity tracker or the app's built-in tracker).
Goes the distance
Body+ will operate for up to 18 months using four standard AAA batteries (included).
Get support during pregnancy
Pregnancy Tracker guides expecting mothers through their pregnancy with health-related, obstetrician-reviewed advice, tips, and personalized weight tracking.
Track your child's growth
Baby Mode empowers parents to easily keep an accurate diary of their child’s growth simply by stepping on the scale while holding their baby in their arms.
Choose your scale color Body+
€ 99.95
Choose your scale color
Face color
Body+
€ 99.95
Add to cart Body Composition Wi-Fi Scale
Compatible with iOS & Android
- Full body composition analysis: Monitors weight (kg, lb., st lb.), body fat & water percentage, plus muscle & bone mass
- Automatic synchronization: Data from every weigh-in appears in the Health Mate app automatically via Wi-Fi
- Nutrition tracking: Set a weight goal and manage your daily calorie budget
- Daily weather forecast: Step on your scale to enjoy a localized weather report
- Multi-user friendly: Recognizes up to 8 users with independent sync
2-year warranty
30-day returns
Free shipping from € 115
Add to cart
Technical Specifications
Connectivity
Metrics tracked
Sensors
Device
In the box
iOS compatibility (iOS 8 and higher)
iPhone 4S and more recent iPod touch 5th generation and more recent iPad 3rd generation and more recent
Android compatibility (5.0 and higher)
Requires Internet access (mobile data or Wi-Fi)
Wireless Sync
Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, compatible with WEP/WPA/WPA2-personal networks Bluetooth connectivity (Bluetooth Smart Ready)
Weight
Four weight sensors Patent-pending body position detector Highly accurate weighing
Body Composition
Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis Athlete and non-athlete mode Unit: body fat %, total body water %, muscle mass kg or lb, bone mass kg or lb
Automatic user recognition
Up to 8 different users
Four weight sensors
Weighing range: 5 -> 180kg (9 -> 396lb)
100g (0.2lb) graduation
Units: kg, lb, st lb
Patented body position detector
Highly-accurate weighing via Position ControlTM technology
Scale
Large, high-strength tempered glass platform Paint-free satin white casing Ultra slim design Dimensions: 12.8 x 12.8 x 0.9 in. / 327x327x23mm
Display
Large, easy-on-the-eye graphical display (2.4”x1.6”), 128x64 pixels High-contrast lighting Weight units: kg, lb, st lb
Storage and memory
Free and unlimited online storage of weight readings Stores up to 16 readings if scale cannot sync wirelessly
Power supply
4x 1.5V Alkaline cells (AAA) Average battery lifetime of 18 months
Scale
Body+ 4x 1.5V Alkaline cells (AAA)
Installation guide
FR/EN/DE/ES/IT
Free Health Mate app
To track up to 5 dimensions of your health - Activity, Sleep, Weight, Heart, Environment
Free Withings account
To securely store your data and make it readily available Download your data at any time, free of charge
Subscribe today to be the first to know when sales open. Enter a valid e-mail addressSubscribeKeep me informedWe'll let you know as soon as it's available.Close
"Ultimate high tech motivator"
Bailiwick
Find the perfect product for all your needs Body CardioAn advanced Wi-Fi scale that delivers full body composition, exclusive heart health metrics, and seamless tracking in the Health Mate app.
€ 149.95
Steel HRThe watch that tracks activity, sleep, and heart rate for up to 25 days.
From € 179.95
BodyA Wi-Fi scale that features weight, BMI, and automatic sync to the Health Mate app, where you can view trends and find extra motivation to reach your goals.
€ 59.95
You will be provided with a Nokia branded product. Don’t worry—the product is exactly the same and the guarantee applies on both Nokia and Withings products. If you absolutely want a Withings branded product, sign up to be the first one to know when it will be available:
Enter a valid e-mail address
Sign up
At Withings we have a healthy respect for privacy.
Thanks for signing up.
The Free Leather wristband offer is valid from March 6 2019 3PM CET to March 29th 2019 11.59 PM CET, while supplies last, only on withings.com. A 100% discount will be applied to leather or woven bands added to a shopping cart alongside a Steel, Steel HR or Steel HR Sport. Sorry, Milanese mesh bands are not eligible to this offer. Eligible leather bands may be etched with the Withings or the Nokia brand on their buckle.The “Buy one, get one free” offer applies on Nokia-branded silicone bands only. It is valid from March 6 2019 3PM CET to March 29th 2019 11.59 PM CET, while supplies last, only on withings.com. To claim this offer, two silicone bands must be added to the cart. A 50% discount will be added to eligible bands for carts containing 3 or more such products. Discover our products |  |  |  |   |
|
Buy the products
Your health
PartnersSupportFollow us
© 2019 Withings All rights reserved. |  |  |  |  |