Ubiquiti Wall Mount Motion Sensor - The source for WiFi products at best prices in Europe - wifi-stock.com
Sales department:
Menu
Toggle navigation
NEW
NEW
Ubiquiti Wall Mount Motion Sensor
Ubiquiti Wall Mount Motion Sensor
Order code:
mFi-MSW
Quick code:
#538
Ubiquiti Wall Mount Motion Sensor, Detection Range - 10 x 10 m, 110° @ 25° C, 1 x mFi RJ45 Port, passive infrared and microwave motion sensors
sale
Price:
For orders (total sum):
22.75$
Features:
Wall Mount Motion Sensor (mFi-MSW) is a dual-technology motion sensor, using both passive infrared and microwave motion sensors to minimize the likelihood of false detections. It is wall-mountable and designed for security, occupancy detection, resource scheduling, and other smart building applications.
For use with mFi mPort hardware and mFi Controller software (included with the mFi mPort).
mFi™ is a Machine-to-Machine management system from Ubiquiti Networks, Inc. The mFi hardware can be managed and monitored from the mFi Controller software. The mFi Controller software allows you to create rules that trigger actions based on data from your mFi sensors. For example, motion detection could turn a light on, or a high temperature reading could trigger a fan. The mFi platform is compatible with third-party devices, making the options unlimited!
Features
Plug and Play Installation Use standard Ethernet cable to connect machines and sensors. Use WiFi to seamlessly connect mFi nodes to your IP network. Unlimited device scalability.
Powerful Functionality Create powerful relationships between sensors, machines, and powered devices. Cloud and Mobile Support Access multiple mFi networks from any remote location through a web browser. New devices can instantly be discovered and provisioned through the cloud. Sophisticated User Experience From auto-detection of machines through intuitive and powerful rule creation, the mFi Controller transforms a machine network into an automated symphony.
Specification:
Dimensions: 146 x 66 x 52 mm
Weight: 127 g
RFI Immunity: Avg. 10 V/m (80 to 2,000 MHz)
Detection Range: 10 x 10 m, 110° @ 25° C
Ports: 1 x mFi RJ45 Port
Mounting: Wall/Ceiling-Mount Bracket (Kits included)
Mounting Height: 2.3 m Typical
Operating Temperature: -10° to 45° C
Operating Humidity: 95% RH Max.
Additional product information: