Amazon Smart Plug | works with Amazon Alexa - Amazon.com
<![endif]-->
Search
Qty:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21+
Qty:1
Amazon Smart Plug, works ...
has been added to your Cart
Add to Cart
Buy Now
This is a gift, do not link to my account.
Devices are shipped pre-registered to your account.
Check this box if you are buying this device as a gift, or otherwise do not want your device to ship pre-registered to your account.  When the device arrives, register to an Amazon account.
Image Unavailable
Image not available forColor:
Amazon Smart Plug, works with Alexa
by
|
Amazon's Choice recommends highly rated, well-priced products available to ship immediately.
Amazon's
Choice
for ""
List Price:
$24.99
Price:
$19.99
Get free shipping
Free 5-8 business-day shipping within the U.S. when you order $25 of eligible items sold or fulfilled by Amazon.
Or get 4-5 business-day shipping on this item for $5.99. (Prices may vary for AK and HI.)
on orders over $25—or get FREE Two-Day Shipping with
You Save:
$5.00 (20%)
In Stock.
Ships from and sold by Amazon Digital Services LLC.
Gift-wrap available.
Configuration:
Smart Plug
Amazon Certified
Control this product with your voice through select Alexa devices.
Amazon Smart Plug works with Alexa to add voice control to any outlet.
Schedule lights, fans, and appliances to turn on and off automatically, or control them remotely when you’re away.
Simple to set up and use—plug in, open the Alexa app, and start using your voice.
Compact design keeps your second outlet free.
No smart home hub required—set up routines and schedules through the Alexa app.
Jump to:
|
Jump to:
We want you to know:
Amazon Smart Plug works exclusively with Alexa.
To set up your smart plug, you need the latest version of the Alexa app.
Amazon Smart Plug must be connected to a 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi network.
For indoor use only.
Amazon Smart Plug lets you voice control your lights, fans, coffee makers, and more. All you need is an Alexa-enabled device like Echo, Fire TV,
Fire tablet, Sonos One, or even just the Alexa app on your phone. And with multiple Amazon Smart Plugs, you can control multiple outlets.
Use the Alexa app to create routines for your Amazon Smart Plug that make life easier—all you have to do is ask. For example, you can create a morning routine that turns on lights and your coffee maker with a single request.
Use your Amazon Smart Plug to turn on and off compatible devices that have a mechanical on/off switch. Click
to test if your device will work.
With Wi-Fi simple setup, you can make your home smart in a snap. All you need is the Alexa app to control your outlet from anywhere.
Amazon Smart Plug
Size
3.2” x 1.5” x 2.2” (80 mm x 38 mm x 57 mm)
Weight
3.5 oz. (98 grams) Actual size and weight may vary by manufacturing process
Electrical Ratings
Input: 100-120VAC, 60Hz 15A
Max Output: 15A Max
Network Connectivity
2.4 GHz only, 802.11 b/g/n. Does not support 5GHz networks or connecting to ad-hoc (or peer-to-peer) Wi-Fi networks.
Use
For indoor use only.
Integrations
Amazon Smart Plug is optimized for simple setup and exclusive use with Alexa. Amazon Smart Plug does not support other voice assistants or smart hubs.
Alexa App
The Alexa app is compatible with Fire OS, Android, and iOS devices.
Warranty and Service
. Use of Amazon Smart Plug is subject to the terms found .
Included in the Box
Amazon single-socket 3-prong Wi-Fi plug, Quick Start Guide.
Setup Technology
Amazon Wi-Fi simple setup enables customers to connect smart devices to their Wi-Fi network in a few easy steps. Wi-Fi simple setup is another way Alexa is always getting smarter. Learn more .
Customer Service
Get help with Amazon Smart Plug .
Customer Questions & Answers
4.5 out of 5 stars
By customer groups & interests
TV Shows4.5Smart Home4.5Trains4.5
Is this feature helpful?YesNoThank you for your feedback.
Review this productShare your thoughts with other customers
Customer images
Read reviews that mention
Showing 1-8 of 5,485 reviewsTop ReviewsMost recentTop ReviewsThere was a problem filtering reviews right now. Please try again later.October 15, 2018Configuration: Smart PlugVerified PurchaseGot this smart plug so I can remotely turn appliances/lights on and off in an Alzheimer's patient's home. I can remotely make sure things are off by simply turning them on/off in the Amazon Alexa app - super simple to use and really helps me out. Now I don't have to drive over there to make sure the lights are off, or the AC or TV are off, etc. Thank you!
642 people found this helpful
October 15, 2018Configuration: Smart PlugVerified PurchaseFor the past few years we've only used WeMo smart plugs by Belkin.
They've worked ok and rules are easy to set up BUT, like any other smart plug, WeMo requires users to manage smart plugs using the WeMo app.
The WeMo smart plugs were relatively easy to set up with Alexa, however, the moment there was a power outage, reboot of router, etc. they have been a royal pain to get back online.I received my new Amazon Smart Plug today and the setup was very easy and took minimal time.
This was so much easier dealing with one single app (Alexa) that I will now be replacing all of my WeMo devices.
I would have given it 5 stars but using the scheduling option (days and times) in Alexa required too many steps.
Users should ideally be able to add start times, stop times and days when creating a schedule versus creating separate schedules for start and stop times.
Perhaps a lower price would be good.
Not just because I want a less expensive product but more importantly, many people have already invested a lot of money with their current smart plugs.
For example, over the past years I've added (7) WeMo plugs at an average cost of $30 each and $210 for all (7).
Personally, I think it would be a wise decision for Amazon to drop their price so that they can win over customers like me at a faster rate.
556 people found this helpful
October 15, 2018Configuration: Smart PlugVerified PurchaseAnyone else have a problem? Surprised that the instructions (hard copy and online) were not complete. Did not tell you that the plug needed to be turned on in a specific way to allow for setting the plug up---" press and hold the on/off switch until the LED light flashes blue and red."
After that, the set up process was simple.
450 people found this helpful
October 15, 2018Configuration: Smart PlugVerified PurchaseI have owned several different brands of smart plugs, and this one was BY FAR the easiest to to set up.
I plugged it into an outlet and within a few seconds the Alexa app on my phone recognized it as a new device, prompted me to give it a name, and I was all set!
Awesomeness all around.This may seem obvious, but it you are already an Alexa user, this may be the best smart plug to get simply because it integrates so easily with Alexa.
It's really nice not to have to install another app on my phone for a different brand of smart plug and then link that app to Alexa -- eliminating that extra layer of complexity means one less thing that can go wrong.Like other smart plugs, there is a single button on the side which allows you to turn the plug on and off manually.I have just a few complaints:- First, the plug itself is very large, especially compared with other smart plugs on the market; it projects over 2" out from the wall and is over 3" wide.
Surely Amazon can make these smaller?
Please?- Second, the plug is on the pricey side as smart plugs go.
$25 is steep for a single plug.
Then again, it's nice to keep everything "within Alexa," and hopefully Amazon will offer some deals on them as time goes on.
270 people found this helpful
October 16, 2018Configuration: Smart PlugVerified PurchaseI am no tech expert but the reviews said easy to set up.
I have an iPhone and use an eero wifi network throughout the house and have my echo dot on that network.
I have spent HOURS trying to get this set up and Amazon customer service put me on hold for an hour after being unable to resolve the issue.
I FINALLY read that it only works on a 2G network (I have 5G) and so I managed to somehow reset everything and get ONE to work.
In trying to set up the second, it kept reverting back to my 5G and it took me another 1/2 hour to figure out how to forget the network settings in Alexa.
I had to completely forget all the networks and reset everything several times.
I FINALLY managed to get them working.
201 people found this helpful
October 26, 2018Configuration: Smart PlugVerified PurchaseI had a few WeMo smart plugs before ordering these. First of all, I HATED the app because adding a plug was so cumbersome. Plus, one of the plugs never did show up on the app so I couldn't really control it. It was in a room upstairs and I thought it must have been out of range of my WiFi router. I do not have a WiFi extender and almost bought one due to this issue. Had to send those plugs back.I was excited to see Amazon was coming out with their own smart plugs and pre-ordered them right away. Controlling everything through one app is way preferable. As a huge bonus, my upstairs plug that I previously could not control with the WeMo plug and app now works flawlessly with the Amazon plug and Alexa app. I guess it wasn't out of range after all.Pros:1. if you're already tied into the Amazon Alexa ecosystem this just makes sense, and you keep things under control with a single app. And easily controlled with your Echo device if you wish.2. Really easy to add a plug via the Alexa app. Alexa will recognize it right away and you just scan the back of the plug to add it.3. Shorter and less bulky than the WeMo plug.4. Smart plugs that may have been non-responsive on my network before are working flawlessly now with the Amazon plug in use instead.Cons:1. A bit pricey. I wish they offered multi-packs for a lower price per unit. This will probably happen later.2. Adding a plug to operate on an on/off schedule was NOT as easy as with WeMo. It took too many steps, was not straightforward, and should be more streamlined. Basically, you're creating what they call a "routine." You have to add a start time. Then go back and do it all over again to add an end time. So I had to create two routines to get my coffee maker to start on weekdays at 6:45am and turn off on weekdays at 7:45am. That was silly. I did eventually figure it out, but they should really work on making it involve less steps and be more intuitive.I will buy more but will wait until the price comes down or they're on sale.
93 people found this helpful
Amazon Giveaway
Enter giveaways for a chance to win great prizes! If you want to see and enter all of our current giveaways visit the
page.
Amazon Sellers and Authors create new giveaways every day to promote their products.
This item:Amazon Smart Plug, works with Alexa
There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime
Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.
>
Get to Know UsMake Money with Us›Amazon Payment ProductsLet Us Help You
© 1996-2019, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates