Mini Smart WiFi Plug (Only for USA)
Close menu
Shopping Cart
"Close Cart"
Free Shipping on $26 Purchase
Menu
Email Address
Password
New to our store?
Search
Search
It appears that your cart is currently empty!
Mini Smart WiFi Plug (Only for USA)
Mini Smart WiFi Plug (Only for USA)
Regular price
$9.99
Quantity
Add To Cart
5 Great reasons to buy from us:
-
DESCRIPTION
Get complete control of your home right where you are. These smart plugs are compatible with 2.4G Wi-Fi networks and can be controlled right from your smartphone. Simply plug your appliance to this wifi smart plug then plug it into your wall outlet. You can control which appliances to turn on/off without getting up from your sofa.
Helps Save Your Energy Bill
Did you forget to turn off your bedside lamp when sleeping? Or maybe you got preoccupied and left the fan on? Not to worry. A smart off feature is designed into these smart outlets to automatically turn off your appliances when not in use. More savings on your energy bill. Awesome!
Create Preset Schedules
Imagine waking up to find your coffee brewed and your favorite music playing! Yes, you can do that and more. Simply set scheduled timers for different appliances and let your wifi plug do the heavy lifting for you. Note: This remote control wall plug is rated for 10A max. and 1100W max. It is not meant for appliances with more than 1100W power rating e.g. Cookers, Microwave ovens, etc.
Add to cart
Alexa, Google Home & IFTTT
Link your app-controlled outlet to Amazon Alexa, Google Home, or IFTTT applets and turn your appliances into smart home products. These Alexa plugs are also compatible with devices running android 4.4 and iOS 8.0 and above. All you need is a Wi-Fi network and your home will be truly connected. Does not work with Bluetooth devices, SmartThing, or Homekit.
Warranty
Get the best smart outlets and enjoy the peace of mind only the best home plugs can provide. Each smart wifi outlet features safety features like fire-resistant shell, advanced PCBA circuit with fire prevention & overload protection, and phosphor bronze contacts. The app controlled outlets also meet all safety standards and regulations by FCC and RoHS, and come with a 12-Month limited warranty.
Add To Cart
Other Smart Products
Free shipping on eligible orders
Only 2 products left!
$19.99
Free shipping on eligible orders
$33.99
Free shipping on eligible orders
$19.99
Sold Out
Company Profile
Founded in 2007, Gosund is an ISO certified R&D oriented manufacturer specialized in IOT AI, smart home product design, production and sales having branches in the United States & Hong Kong. Gosund has obtained a number of patents in North America & European countries.
Menu
My Account
JOIN US
Receive Offers, Discount Codes & Special Promotions
Visa
Mastercard
American Express
PayPal
© 2018 Gosund Store
All Rights Reserved.
Sale
Quantity
Unavailable
Sold Out