SUPERNIGHT WiFi Smart Socket Outlet with Dusk to Dawn sensor Light, Wo — go-supernight
Cancel
USD
INR
GBP
CAD
AUD
EUR
JPY
USD
INR
GBP
CAD
AUD
EUR
JPY
SUPERNIGHT WiFi Smart Socket Outlet with Dusk to Dawn sensor Light, Works With Alexa & Google Home, Wi-Fi Enabled, App and Voice Control Anywhere and Anytime,No Hub Required, Easy Configuration 1 PACK
SUPERNIGHT WiFi Smart Socket Outlet with Dusk to Dawn sensor Light, Works With Alexa & Google Home, Wi-Fi Enabled, App and Voice Control Anywhere and Anytime,No Hub Required, Easy Configuration 1 PACK
by
Save 35%
$25.99
$16.99
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10+
Quantity
Quantity
Add to cart
Share this:
Brand: SUPERNIGHT
Features:
【Alexa Accessories】: SUPERNIGHT Smart plugs are Alexa compatible devices and works with Google Home too, voice controlled all mini wifi smart socket. 2-in-1 smart plug enables you to use two appliances simultaneously. Dual outlets can work individually or in groups. Sleek and compact design allows you to stack this smart plug in home electronic outlet without blocking the second one.
【Dusk to dawn Sensor Night Light】: Built-in sensors that turn on the dusk to dawn light automatically at dusk and turn it off when it's dawn. This eliminates the need to physically turn the Light off and on. The The Night Light provides soft and non-flickering light for stress-free work, relaxation, midnight breastfeeding/nursery, baby, kid.
【Remote Control】: Control your appliances via the "Smart Life" app under cellular network or Wi-Fi wherever you are. 16A Max load, input voltage can be AC 110V-240V, which can be widely applied to your light and appliances. ETL/FCC/RoHS certified to bring you a safer and smarter life.
【Timing & Energy Monitoring】: Create a schedule to automatically turn your appliances on and off; or create a group to control multiple devices with a single button to achieve more convenience. Energy monitoring function can track the power usage of your appliances, helping you cut your electric bill.
【What you get】: 1x smart plug; detailed user manual; fast and friendly customer service within 24 hours. SUPERNIGHT promises unconditional 30 day money back, 3 year warranty and lifetime tech support.
Publisher: SUPERNIGHT
Package Dimensions: 4.8 x 2.6 x 1.8 inches
Main menu
Subscribe
Invite customers to join your mailing list.
Email address
Sign Up
Copyright © 2019 go-supernight.
.
Added to your cart:
Subtotal