TECKIN Smart Plug WiFi Socket Mini Outlet Remote Control Energy Monitoring Timing Function Works with Amazon Alexa Echo Google Home No Hub Required, 16A: Amazon.co.uk: DIY & Tools
<![endif]-->
DIY & Tools
Select the department you want to search in
All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Global Store
Amazon Pantry
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Apps & Games
Baby
Beauty
Books
Car & Motorbike
CDs & Vinyl
Classical Music
Clothing
Computers & Accessories
Digital Music
DIY & Tools
DVD & Blu-ray
Electronics & Photo
Fashion
Garden & Outdoors
Gift Cards
Grocery
Handmade
Health & Personal Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Jewellery
Kindle Store
Large Appliances
Lighting
Luggage
Luxury Beauty
Musical Instruments & DJ
PC & Video Games
Pet Supplies
Prime Video
Shoes & Bags
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Stationery & Office Supplies
Toys & Games
VHS
Watches
Go
Search
£12.99
& FREE UK Delivery on orders dispatched by Amazon over £20.
Want it delivered by Tuesday, 26 Mar.? Choose Expedited Delivery at checkout.
In stock.
Quantity:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
Quantity:1
Add to Basket
Buy Now
Sold by
and .
Gift-wrap available.
Fulfilment by Amazon (FBA) is a service Amazon offers sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's warehouses, and Amazon directly does the picking, packing, shipping and customer service on these items. Something Amazon hopes you'll especially enjoy: FBA items are eligible for
and for Amazon Prime just as if they were Amazon items.
If you’re a seller, Fulfilment by Amazon can help you grow your business.
Add to List
Added to
Unable to add item to List. Please try again.
Have one to sell?
Image Unavailable
Image not available forColour:
TECKIN Smart Plug WiFi Socket Mini Outlet Remote Control Energy Monitoring Timing Function Works with Amazon Alexa Echo Google Home No Hub Required, 16A
Explore more .
by
|
Price:
£12.99
& FREE UK Delivery on orders dispatched by Amazon over £20.
Voucher
Apply 10% voucher
10% voucher applied.
Your voucher will be applied at checkout.
Voucher valid until 31 Mar 2019.
Sorry. You are not eligible for this voucher.
Note: This item is eligible for click and collect.
Pick up your parcel at a time and place that suits you.
Choose from over 13,000 locations across the UK
Prime members get unlimited deliveries at no additional cost
How to order to an Amazon Pickup Location?
and add it to your address book
Dispatch to this address when you check out
from £12.99
WORKS WITH ALEXA
Add voice control by combining with an Alexa device
This item
+
Required
=
“Alexa, turn on the fan.”
Total Price: £62.98
Add both to Cart
REMOTE CONTROL - Even when you are not at home, you can control the power-on/off via Smart Life app, which can be free downloaded from App Store or Google Play. Easy to use and install, required a secured 2.4GHz Wi-Fi connection.
VOICE CONTROL - Compatible with Amazon alexa, Google home assistant and IFTTT, control your home appliances with the smart plug by simply giving voice commands. The smart plug works with any Wi-Fi router without a separate hub or paid subscription service.
SET SCHEDULE & TIMER - Schedule the Smart Plug to automatically power electronics on and off as needed, like setting lights to come on at dusk or turn off at sunrise. You can create a group for all of your smart devices and control them all with just one command. Simply set a timer for the Smart Plug to turn off its appliance automatically.
ENERGY MONITORING - Monitor and control energy usage and costs on Smart Life app from anywhere. Keep energy bills low by effectively managing your most power consuming appliances.
QUALITY GUARANTEED - If you encounter any problem or need further support, please feel free to contact us through E-mail or Amazon directly. For our contact info, you can see on the comments below. We offer free replacement service anytime and for any reason if the plug is defective, please contact us whenever you encounter product issue.
›
Frequently bought together
++
Total price: £58.97
Add all three to Basket
Buy the selected items togetherThis item:TECKIN Smart Plug WiFi Socket Mini Outlet Remote Control Energy Monitoring Timing Function Works… £12.99 In stock. £23.99 In stock. £21.99 In stock.
Sponsored products related to this itemPage 1 of 1Page 1 of 1
£21.99
£26.40
£38.99
£13.99
£39.99
£14.99
£39.99
£24.99
£37.99
£12.99
Customers who viewed this item also viewedPage 1 of 1 Page 1 of 1
This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.
Special offers and product promotions
to save 10% on this product when you buy from Amazon.co.uk.
(terms and conditions apply)
Have a question?
Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews
Please make sure that you've entered a valid question.
You can edit your question or post anyway.
Don't see what you're looking for?
Ask the Community
There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.
All
Product Information
Customer Q&As
Customer Reviews
Product information
Technical Details
Part Number	SH-SP23-1-UK
Item Weight99.8 g
Product Dimensions6 x 5.5 x 5.5 cm
Manufacturer referenceSH-SP23-1-UK
Size1 pack
ColourWhite
Batteries included?No
Batteries Required?No
Additional Information
ASINB07D7C74RQ
Customer Reviews
Best Sellers Rank
4,952 in DIY & Tools ()
#31
in
Shipping Weight99.8 g
Delivery Destinations:Visit the
Help page to see where this item can be delivered.
Date First Available21 May 2018
Feedback
Would you like to ?If you are a seller for this product, would you like to ?
Product Description
Hands-Free Voice Control
The Smart Socket works directly with Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant to manage your devices through Voice Control. Assign a name to each Smart Socket and communicate with each socket by name when making a voice command. You can also create a group for all your smart devices and control them all with one command.
Encounter your Smart Home Era
The TECKIN Smart Socket allows you to create customized schedules for your appliances so that they run on your schedule. You’ll find that automating your devices will help streamline your daily routine for a more efficient household.
Works with Alexa and Google Assistant
Works with IFTTT
Works with Smart Life APP
Schedule Feature
Timer Function
Energy Monitoring
Create Group
Share to Families
We want you to know:
· You must be connected through a 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi network.
· Smart Plug sizes is 2.13*1.26*2.36 in, if you are not satisfied with the size and shape of the smart socket, we are willing to provide other size replacements.
· If you are using a BT router, the connection steps would be a bit of complex and you need to reset the router. You can also consult our technical support, we will help you the first time.
These are tips for using smart plugs and hope it useful for you. If you have any questions, please feel free to tell us and we will solve your problem as soon as possible.
App Remote Control
Turn on or turn off connected devices wherever you are at any time through your smart phone.
The Smart Life APP allows you to add as many Smart Plugs as you'd like to keep track of multiple appliances, whenever, wherever.
Monitoring energy consumption
With energy monitoring function, you can easily monitor and control your home appliance's power consumptiong anywhere and anytime. You can save your electric charge by using TECKIN SP23 Smart Plug. Run your home on smarter way.
Set Schedules & Timers
Create worry-free schedules for you lights and appliances. Using the free app, you can schedule the operating hours of your devices, schedule a lamp to turn on at afternoon to give plant energy，and make them grow healthily.
What do customers buy after viewing this item?
Lowest Price
TECKIN
This item: Smart Plug WiFi Socket Mini Outlet Remote Control Energy Monitoring Timing Function Works with Amazon Alexa Echo Google Home No Hub Required, 16A
£1299
Best Selling • Top Rated
TP-LINK
£1998
Sponsored products related to this itemPage 1 of 1Page 1 of 1
£29.99
£42.99
£21.99
£19.98
£32.99
£35.99
£37.99
£22.99
£39.99
£13.89
Customer Questions & Answers
4.1 out of 5 stars
Review this productShare your thoughts with other customers
Customer images
Read reviews that mention
Top ReviewsMost recentTop Reviews
There was a problem filtering reviews right now. Please try again later.30 August 2018Verified PurchaseI have a lot of smart devices, from Hue lights and Wemo plugs, I found these the most difficult to set up, had to use AP mode in the end. It may have been to do with my BT Smart Hub (they tend to be a bit temperamental). After about 15 attempts I finally got this set up in the app.Once set up and hooked up to my Echo it's great, and the energy monitoring function is often much more expensive. They are also smaller than other smart plugs, making them more discreet and easier to fit in multi sockets.If they made it easier to set up it would be great. Lots of unusual button pressing processes in current setup.
11 people found this helpful
5 October 2018Verified PurchaseSo...This is the third smart plug I have bought in my initial foray into home automation:- Kasa (TPLink) HS100- WIFIPLUG- TECKINFirst impressions are... Nice Apple-esque packaging (isn't everything these days), very, very compact, even compared to the WIFIPLUG, good looking device build quality seems very good (but early days). App seems quite well made and comprehensive. So initially you think "how the heck do they do this for such a low price point...".The you realise they must have skimped on the product testing, as when you plug it in, you realise, like many others, that it clashes with the socket switch (and I have a mixed bag of different types fitted in my house to test against), meaning it won't sit flush, which I don't trust. Ok, it's probably making sufficient electrical surface contact, but I just don't trust it.... I took a gamble and partly lost, I suppose.However, the positives are, setup in the app was easy (although you need to be specifically on a 2.4GHz network, like most of these other units), and it seems to work without issues.Set up with Homebridge for Homekit wasn't as easy (look for guides on setting up a Tuya plug), took me maybe an hour of faffing about on their developer website before I realised the error message that kept coming up wasn't an error.... and unlike the TPLink unit, it doesn't broadcast itself to the network, you need to specify each device ID in the Homebridge config (which will be a pain if you have several), but I got it done, and again, seems to work fine.Would I buy another? If it was just the more involved Homebridge config, or just the ill-fitting (but still very attractive) shape, then probably, because at the price point it's ridiculously good value - but with both together, for me, probably not.When they sort the shape out, I'll probably snap some more up, but until then, it'll probably be the WIFIPLUG for critical or on-display use-cases like the hallway lamp, and the Kasas for the garage, hidden behind furniture etc.But that's just me, if you have unswitched sockets and don't use Homekit, then 5*, fill yer boots!
8 people found this helpful
TOP 500 REVIEWER
17 September 2018Verified PurchaseThe biggest indication of how delighted I am with the TECKIN plug(s) is that I now have 13 of them in use!I am surprised some people found them difficult to configure/set-up too.
I found it to be an absolute breeze if you follow the instructions to a tee.
You download an app, plug the socket in, do as the step-by-step instructions tell you to and hey-presto, you've got voice control via Amazon Echo and the joyous moment that Alexa switches your light, fan, whatever you've got connected to it, on!They're a compact and well-made plug that don't distract the eye too much and have been very reliable to date.I can't commend TECKIN enough.If you need plugs to control devices via Alexa (or the other devices they say it is compatible with), buy the TECKIN product.
6 people found this helpful
26 September 2018Verified PurchaseI have three of these to replace rotary dial 'pin' timer switches, which can cost just as much. But the smart plugs do so much more – such as offering remote control, and statistics on how much power (in kW) has been consumed every day by whatever is plugged in (lights, TV, heater etc). That's been a real eye-opener!You don't need Alexa or Google to use voice commands: it's part of the Smart Life app recommended for these plugs.For the uninitiated, setting up calls for patience and access to the 2.5Ghz band on your router, but it gets easier with each new smart plug.The width of the plugs means they may touch the on/off switches on some UK wall sockets, so it might be worth using an inexpensive four-gang extension lead to accommodate them. But that's a minor hassle given all their capabilities and advantages over older timer switches.UPDATE - Jan 2019Two of these have since malfunctioned and not responded to their scheduled timings. I then opened their 'big round switch' displays on my mobile and selected the edit icon in the top RH corner – where, by scrolling down, I found a factory reset option. This cleared everything from the memory, enabling me to start set-up afresh. Problem solved.
4 people found this helpful
14 September 2018Verified PurchaseOne of the best products I’ve bought on Amazon. Quick delivery, well packaged, piece of cake to set up. Second one even easier as I told the app to remember my WiFi code. You can set timers, or operate the socket from anywhere. You can call it whatever you like in the Alexa app. What is also handy but not well advertised is that it gives a constant monitor of the energy usage straight to your phone.
The socket works great in an extension lead but is a bit on the large size to be on show in a standard UK socket. For the price it’s a bargain. I fact if it was marketed buy Apple it would probably be £50.
3 people found this helpful
30 September 2018Verified PurchaseTook a few goes to setup and connect, but got there in the end.
Once done it is easy to connect to Alexa and use the app too.
Setting up a schedule to switch a light on and off should be easy, it’s not. You have to select switch on and switch off as two completely separate events, rather than a simple select and then within set the on/off times. It needs a rethink.
Anyway, on deal of the day, it was a great deal, quite expensive otherwise.
But a good device. Once it becomes affordable, I will likely buy a few.
2 people found this helpful
Unlimited One-Day Delivery and more
Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.
>
There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.
Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
›
After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.
Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
›
After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.
Get to Know UsMake Money with Us›Amazon Payment MethodsLet Us Help You
© 1996-2019, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates