HS100 | Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Plug | TP-Link United Kingdom
Your browser does not support JavaScript. Please turn it on for the best experience.
Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Plug
HS100
Remote Access – Easy setup and control from anywhere with the free Kasa app (iOS, Android).
Scheduling – Schedule the Smart Plug to automatically power electronics on and off as needed, like setting lights to come on at dusk or turn off at sunrise.
Away Mode – Turns your devices on and off at different times to give the appearance that someone is home.
Voice Control – Pair to Amazon Alexa or The Google Assistant to enable voice control.
Smart Control
for A Smart Home
Wi-Fi Smart Plug HS100
Easily Manage Your Home Electronics and Appliances Anytime, Anywhere
The Smart Plugs are easy to set up, and make it even easier to manage your household electronic devices anywhere in the world with a tap of your smartphone.
You’re Always Home
Deter bad guys by setting your lights to turn on and off on a schedule so it seems like you’re home when you are actually away.
Control and Automate without Getting Out of Bed
With a tap on your smartphone, you can easily turn off the lights and other devices in the living room without getting out of bed, or conveniently schedule all lights to go off by midnight.
100.3x66.3x77mm
Dimensions
131.8g
Weight
Modern,
Elegant, Simple
Inspired by a modern sensibility, the Smart Plug’s design is both simple and elegant, allowing it to blend seamlessly with existing decor.
Never Leave Things Running
The Smart Plugs give you a peace of mind with the count down timer feature, which automatically switches off the running household appliances (clothes iron and curling iron) if you have set a time limit before.
Meet Our Partners
Your Voice Has Power
Control your device with simple voice commands and an Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant, or Microsoft Cortana.
Smarter Home with More Partners
Partnerships with IFTTT and Nest make your smart home more connected.
Remote Access
Control devices connected to the Smart Plug wherever you have Internet using the free Kasa app on your smartphone.
Schedule
Schedule the Smart Plug to automatically power electronics on and off as needed, like setting lights to come on at dusk or turn off at sunrise.
Away
Turns your devices on and off at different times to give the appearance that someone is home.
Easy to Use and Install
Just connect the Smart Plugs to your Wi-Fi network and control using the free Kasa App on your smartphone.
Amazon Echo Voice Control
Amazon Echo (sold separately) lets you control devices connected to the Smart Plugs using just your voice.
Protocol
IEEE 802.11b/g/n
Wireless Type
2.4GHz, 1T1R
System Requirements
Android 4.1 or higher, iOS 9.0 or higher
Certification
RoHS, EAC, CE
Package Contents
Smart Plug HS100, Quick Start Guide
Environment
• Operating Temperature: 0 ºC ~ 40 ºC (32°F ~ 104°F)• Operating Humidity: 5%~90%RH, Non-condensing
Dimensions( H X W X D )
3.9 x 2.6 x 3 in. ( 100.3 x 66.3 x 77 mm )
Materia
PC
Buttons
Power button, Settings button
Weight
131.8g
Packaging Dimensions
3.5 x 3.5 x 5.7 in. ( 90 x 88 x 144 mm )
Input voltage
100V- 240V
Output voltage
100-240V
Maximum Load
13A
Maximum Power
2.99KW
Partners
Sign up for news & offers
TP-Link takes your privacy seriously. For further details on TP-Link's privacy practices, see .
Sign Up
Follow Us
Copyright © 2019 TP-Link Technologies Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.